linkedin-01 

Peter Saalbrink

Data Scientist at Matrixian Group
Amsterdam

Experience
Matrixian Group
2 years 4 months
Data Scientist
April 2019 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Data Scientist at The Data Science Company, where I participate in open data
projects and provide insights in data quality.

Data Science Trainee
February 2019 - March 2019 (2 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Traineeship at The Data Science Company, where I'm educated in data
collection and analysis, data science, business impact, and agile soft skills.

Peter Saalbrink
Bookkeeper
October 2018 - January 2019 (4 months)
Amersfoort, the Netherlands
Financial administration of several cultural organizations.

Coffeecompany
Barista
April 2018 - January 2019 (10 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

University of Amsterdam
Research Intern
March 2017 - September 2017 (7 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Research project were I piloted and executed a study of rhytmic predictability
and periodicity using EEG, titled 'Timing mechanisms and temporal
expectations in music. Internship (36 ECTS) with Fleur Bouwer, PhD, & dr.
Heleen Slagter, Univeristy of Amsterdam.

Academie van de Stad Uitzendbureau
Researcher
November 2016 - March 2017 (5 months)
Amsterdam
Socially involved project for the City of Amsterdam, researching behavior of
visitors and tourists in the Red Light District.

AMC - Academisch Medisch Centrum
Research Intern
August 2016 - March 2017 (8 months)
Internship: Biological markers of psychosis. Modeling cortisol levels, dopamine
function and psychotic symptoms in patients with 22q11 deletion syndrome
(32 ECTS), prof. dr. Jan Booij & Esther van Duin MSc, Maastricht University &
AMC Amsterdam.
Tasks and responsibilities: managing patient contact, data gathering and
analysis.
Projects: research day w/ poster presentation.

Academie van de Stad Uitzendbureau
Researcher
May 2016 - July 2016 (3 months)
Amsterdam
Socially involved project for a housing corporation, researching (the lack of)
social cohesiveness in an Amsterdam-Zuidoost neighborhood.

ASVA Studentenunie
Treasurer
September 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 1 month)
ASVA student union represents 105,000 students in Amsterdam. Five board
members,
twenty-five student employees and fifty active members fight for the interests
of these students. They do this both by organizing events and by offering
services and through active lobbying in the field of education, student housing
and student life.

Cognito Student Union
Treasurer
October 2013 - September 2014 (1 year)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Ditmeijers' Telemarketing & Datamanagement BV
4 years 11 months
Coach Telemarketing
February 2012 - July 2014 (2 years 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Coaching and guiding marketers in carrying out their jobs. Training marketers
on new projects. Leading and monitoring the team of marketers to achieve
higher goals. Independent executive function.

Telemarketeer
September 2009 - February 2012 (2 years 6 months)

Studentenpartij LIEF
Vice chairman and secretary
November 2012 - April 2014 (1 year 6 months)

Education
University of Amsterdam
Master of Science (MSc), Brain and Cognitive Sciences · (2013 - 2018)
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Beta-gamma (major Psychobiology) · (2009 - 2013)
Alberdingk Thijm College, Hilversum, Netherlands
VWO, N&T · (2003 - 2009)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/petersaalbrink
(LinkedIn)
facebook.com/petersaalbrink
(Personal)
Top Skills
Dutch
English
SPSS
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications 
PANSS
Power Searching 
Sneltypen

linkedin-02 

Erik Bruin
Data scientist at Coney | Kaggle Master
Amsterdam
Summary
Please also have a look at my Kaggle (a Google company) profile:
https://www.kaggle.com/erikbruin.
I am a Kaggle Master and have won the PASSNCY competition
which was part of Kaggle's "Data Science for Good" program.

Experience
Coney
Data Scientist
2019 - Present (2 years)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Cofely NV the Netherlands (onderdeel van GDF SUEZ).
Business Analyst/Consultant ICT
2016 - 2016 (less than a year)
Zaandam

Ziggo B.V.
Senior Business Analyst UPC Business
2013 - 2014 (1 year)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
- Data analysis
- Marketing Intelligence
- Project Manager CEM (Customer Experience Management)

Hogeschool van Amsterdam
Lecturer Business Administration & Technology (Bedrijfskunde)
2010 - 2012 (2 years)

IDC
Research Manager, Western Europe,
2001 - 2009 (8 years)
Research Manager European Business Solution services. SCM, CRM, ERP
services (consulting, systems integration).

Education
Eindhoven University of Technology
Master's, Business Administration

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
erikbruinalkmaar (LinkedIn)
www.kaggle.com/erikbruin (Other)
Top Skills
Data Science
R
Python (Programming Language)

Languages 
English (Full Professional)
German (Limited Working)
Spanish (Limited Working) 

Certifications
Practical Machine Learning in R
Getting and Cleaning Data in R
Data Visualization with Tableau
Probability and Data with R
Bayesian Statistics with R

linkedin-03 

Abouzar Abbaspour
Data Scientist/Data Engineer
’s-Hertogenbosch

Summary
I am a fullstack developer/ Data Scientist/ Data Engineer
I had many projects in different companies as a junior and senior
software engineer and data engineer, currently i'm focusing on data
science and data engineering.
I like to be part of Startups as well, and interested in turning ideas to
work.
My main topics of interest are;
Data analytics and machine learning
Data Engineering and big Data solutions
Data visualization on big data
SOA Design And development
SNA analysis and graph modeling
churn and social network analysis
skilled in Java , C++, C#, Python, Distributed Systems , Hadoop,
Hbase, Hive ,SQL and NoSQL

Experience
Efteling
Data Scientist/ Data Engineer
September 2019 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Forecasting Projects for visitor prediction
Developing lifecycle of ML Models (deployment, evaluation, monitoring,
management)
Building end to end recommendation engine
Prediction model for attractions' waiting time
Prediction model for transactions data
Data engineering/ building data pipeline
App development
Jheronimus Academy of Data Science
Professional Doctorate in Engineering in Data Science
May 2018 - June 2020 (2 years 2 months)
Eindhoven Area, Netherlands
Designing and developing data science projects for industry.
:
• : Rok: Prediction of crowdedness, and end to end recommendation engine for
visitors.
• : Solar potential assessment from satellite images.
• : Walking behavior of turkeys based on IMU sensor data: a feature extraction
perspective.
• : Enhancing the Management of Buildings through Visualization of Sensor
Data.
• -: Improving Data Accessibility of Intoxication Dataset.
• : Geographical Prediction of Whooping Cough in Limburg.
:
• : Predictive maintenance.
• : Anomaly in Water Usage: Definition, Detection, and Notification.
• : Sales forecast.
:
• Deltares
:
• GGD
• DAF Paccar

Netgat Solution
Co-Founder
October 2015 - October 2018 (3 years 1 month)
Tehran Province, Iran
Data Architect/ Data Engineer/ GIS Dev/ Android Dev

Mobile Communication Company of Iran(MCCI)
OSS & TOOLS - Senior Software Engineer/ Data Engineer
October 2013 - June 2018 (4 years 9 months)
Tehran
Software Eng/ DevOps/ Data Engineer
Asre Danesh Afzar
Android Developer, Software Tester
2012 - 2013 (1 year)
Tehran
Part time Android developer, Software Tester

Education
Eindhoven University of Technology
Professional Doctorate, Data Science · (2018 - 2020)
University of Tehran
MSc, Computer Software Engineering · (2012 - 2014)
Islamic Azad University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Software Engineering · (2008 - 2012)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/abouzar-
abbaspour (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Science
Software Engineering
Machine Learning

Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Persian (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)

Certifications
Architecting with Google Kubernetes
Engine - Google Cloud
Applied Machine Learning in Python
- University of Michigan
Fundamentals of Scalable Data
Science - IBM
Semantic Segmentation with
Amazon Sagemaker
Preparing for the Google Cloud
Professional Data Engineer Exam

Honors-Awards
Winner of Tehran Startup Weekend
(Iran/Tehran)
Winner of Startup Talent MCI (Iran/
Tehran)
Winner of Hackathon for Peace,
Justice and Security (the
Netherlands/Den Haag)
Winner of Hackthecrisis NL
hackathon
Winner of Irancell Android
programming competition- ICMA

Publications 
Behavioral Analysis of Iranian Users
in a Mobile Social Network API development
Automated step detection in inertial
measurement unit data from turkeys


linkedin-04

Eva van Brummelen
Data Scientist bij Dienst Testen COVID-19 (via Always be learning)
bij Ministerie van Volksgezondheid, Welzijn en Sport
The Randstad, Netherlands

Experience
Ministerie van Volksgezondheid, Welzijn en Sport
Data Scientist bij Dienst Testen COVID-19 (via Always be learning)
October 2020 - Present (8 months)

Always be learning
Data Scientist
September 2020 - Present (9 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands

Freelance
Freelance Data Scientist
March 2020 - August 2020 (6 months)

Australia and New Zealand
Travelling
November 2019 - February 2020 (4 months)

Building Blocks
9 months
Data Scientist
August 2019 - October 2019 (3 months)

Graduate Intern Data Science
February 2019 - July 2019 (6 months)
Thesis title and subtitle: Customer Segmentation using Website Data. ||
Clustering online customers using their click data and gaining useful insights
into the created clusters
Grade: 8.5

DataChangers
Data Science Coach
April 2018 - May 2019 (1 year 2 months)
At DataChangers we educate people to become certified data analysts. People
can follow the Microsoft Data Science Track, which consists of 11 courses.
Thereby all relevant aspects of data science are addressed, including subjects
like ethics and law. It makes me happy to see participants enjoy the content of
the course en getting more confident about their data science skills.

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Teaching Assistant
September 2015 - April 2018 (2 years 8 months)
Courses: Project Big Data, Stochastic Modelling, Business Simulation,
Operations Research, Introduction to Business Analytics and Linear Algebra.
Also worked as a student tutor at the 'Mentoraat' meetings for first year
students.

Bijlesbureau StudentsPlus Nederland
Tutor
August 2015 - March 2018 (2 years 8 months)
Mathematics tutor for high school students and general tutor for elementary
school students.

Macaw
Data Science Summer Internship
August 2016 - August 2016 (1 month)
Schiphol-Rijk
Commissioned by Macaw, I investigated how they could best manage their
parking opportunities after they move to a new building in Hoofddorp. In order
to do this, I created a model that determines the optimal number of fixed and
flexible parking spaces. This model minimizes the parking costs.
This case was used as a reference case that Macaw presented to her
(potential) clients.

Education
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Master of Science (MSc), Business Analytics · (2017 - 2019)
McMaster University
Graduate Exchange, Computer Science · (2018 - 2018)
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Business Analytics · (2014 - 2017)
Keizer Karel College Amstelveen
Atheneum, Economie en Maatschappij · (2008 - 2014)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
evavanbrummelen (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
Python
Excel
Certifications
Analytics Storytelling for Impact
Deep Learning and Computer Vision
Developing Big Data Solutions with
Azure Machine Learning
Data Science Essentials
Analyzing and Visualizing Data with
Microsoft Power BI


linkedin-05

Joran Cornelisse
Data Scientist bij SocialDatabase
Amsterdam

Experience
Mysocialdatabase.com BV
Data Scientist
july 2018 - Present (2 years 11 months)
As a Data Scientist, I manage, analyze, and update the database of
Mysocialdatabase.com. I contribute to the data science team by coding
various algorithms for optimizing and automating different processes within the
company.

JASP
Master Thesis
february 2019 - august 2019 (7 months)
Amsterdam Area, the Netherlands
I wrote my thesis on the application of unsupervised machine learning
techniques in psychological science. In addition, I co-developed the machine
learning module of JASP. Grade: 8.0.

Methdology Shop University of Amsterdam
Consultant
december 2018 - june 2019 (7 months)
Amsterdam Area, the Netherlands
As a statistical consultant I help students with, and advise them on, statistical
problems regarding their thesis or other projects.

Cordaan
Huishoudelijk Begeleider
november 2016 - may 2017 (7 months)
Amsterdam

Education
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Master of Science - MS, Data Science · (2019 - 2020)
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Master of Science - MS, Behavioural Data Science · (2018 - 2019)
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science - BS, Psychology · (2014 - 2018)
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Propedeuse, Bèta-Gamma · (2013 - 2014)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/joran-
cornelisse-78019a166 (LinkedIn)

Top skills
Datamodels
SPSS 
Languages 
Spanish (Elementary)
German (Elementary)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)


linkedin-06

Simon BARRES
Data Scientist | Advanced Analytics
Amsterdam

Summary
My passion for Data Science starts with my enthusiasm for solving
complex problems. My skill set and experience have led me to a
career where I can help companies use information to make smart
and efficient decisions. My background and cross-cultural experience
enable me to respond and quickly adapt to a variety of challenges
extending across a variety of industries.
Skills include:
• Programming Languages: Python, R, SAS, SQL
• Statistical Modeling • Machine Learning • NLP • Data Mining
Algorithms • Risk Analytics

Experience
McKinsey & Company
Data Scientist
January 2019 - Present (2 years 5 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

EY
3 years 7 months
Manager - Advanced Analytics
October 2018 - January 2019 (4 months)
New York, New York
Senior Consultant - Advanced Analytics
October 2016 - October 2018 (2 years 1 month)
New York, NY
Consultant - Advanced Analytics
July 2015 - October 2016 (1 year 4 months)
Charlotte, North Carolina
North Carolina State University

Practicum
June 2014 - May 2015 (1 year)
Worked with a team of four peers to analyze transactional data for Estée
Lauder :
• Supported effective liaison between analytical process and business
considerations
• Analyzed customer interactions with online promotions and sales
• Performed consumer segmentation to distinguish behavioral patterns over
time
• Explored how promotions impact customer acquisition and retention in order
to optimize promotional effort

Lindsey Wilson College
Residence Life Assistant
August 2013 - May 2014 (10 months)
Columbia, KY
As a Residence Assistant I:
• Collaborated across teams and departments to coordinate hall events and
activities
• Was directly responsible for 50 students in academic and personal
development
• Designed, planned, and implemented social and educational programs
• Led and performed campus-wide community development

Academic Success Center Lindsey Wilson College
Tutor in French, economics and statistics
2012 - May 2014 (2 years)
Columbia, KY
• Assisted students in the areas of economics, statistics, and French
• Tailored the tutoring process and methods to student’s capabilities and pace
• Organized personal sessions and provided test-taking strategies
• Learned to break down and explain technical concepts to a non-technical
audience

Bennett Group Financial Services, LLC
Finance/ Investment Intern
May 2013 - August 2013 (4 months)
Washington, DC
• Summarized market activity and prepared readily usable material
• Provided statistical work and charting of market indices
• Performed stocks and mutual funds research and Analysis
• Organized presentation material for institutional and individual clients
• Exposure to Bloomberg terminal to investigate ever-changing challenges
across industries
• Learned how to collect and summarize information in a useful and meaningful
form

Education
North Carolina State University
Master of Science - MS, Analytics · (2014 - 2015)
Lindsey Wilson College
Bachelor's degree, Business Administration, Management and
Operations · (2012 - 2014)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/simon-
barres-57a89965 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Analysis
Statistics
SAS

Languages
Spanish (Limited Working)
English (Full Professional)
French (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications
SAS Certified Base Programmer for
SAS 9
Google Analytics
Lean Management Workshop
SAS Certified Advanced
Programmer
SAS Certified Predictive Modeler
Using SAS Enterprise Miner

Honors-Awards
2013-14 Daktronics-NAIA Men's
Basketball Scholar-Athlete
2012-13 Daktronics-NAIA Men's
Basketball Scholar-Athlete


linkedin-07

Maarten Grootendorst
Data Scientist | Organizational Psychologist | Clinical Psychologist
Tilburg
Summary
I am a Data Scientist, mostly working with ML and NLP, with a
background in Organizational and Clinical Psychology. My path to
this point has not been conventional, transitioning from psychology
to data science, but has left me with a strong desire to create data-
driven solutions that make the world a slightly better place.

My greatest achievement is having finished three Master of Science
degrees Cum Laude. Mostly because It displays my internal drive to
learn and to keep developing myself wherever possible.
(Data Science) Languages & Frameworks:
▪️ Python (NumPy, Pandas, Sklearn, Pytorch, etc.)
▪️ Docker, Git (CI/CD), Flask, Uvicorn, Graylog, MLFlow, etc.
▪️ NLP (TF-IDF, topic modeling, BERT, etc.)
▪️ Graph-based (Graphviz, Networkx)
▪️ Reinforcement Learning (PER-D3QN, PPO, A2C, etc.)
▪️ SQL, Qlik, SPSS
For my Data Science portfolio see:
● https://github.com/MaartenGr/Projects
My Medium page:
● https://medium.com/@maartengrootendorst
My personal website:
● https://maartengrootendorst.com

Experience
Van Spaendonck
Data Scientist
March 2019 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Tilburg
Working as a Data Scientist within the Data New Business department. I am
responsible for creating and deploying ML- and NLP-based models using a
variety of (big) data sources.
Projects:
• Improving the quality of data by leveraging NLP (Edit Distance) and Word
Embeddings (e.g., FastText) to standardize job titles (retrieved from open text
fields) to ESCO (standardized more than 50% of our job titles)
• Statistical analyses on the growth of different SME sectors
• Working on explainable ML to support decision making (DPD, SHAP, LIME,
etc. )
• Developed a model allowing for the prediction of turnover when selecting
between applicants
• Exploring methods for leveraging data in the pursuit of new business
Tools:
• Python (Sklearn, Scipy, Numpy, etc. )
• SQL, Docker (CI/CD with Gitlab), Git
• API (Flask, FastApi, Uvicorn, Gunicorn, Nginx, Swagger, Postman, etc.)

Towards Data Science
Data Science Writer
June 2019 - Present (2 years)
On Towards Data Science (Medium publication) I write and publish articles on
topics such as Machine Learning and Data Science. Collectively, they have
been viewed over 600,000 times.
Find me on https://medium.com/@maartengrootendorst

Emset
Data Scientist & Co-Founder
January 2019 - August 2019 (8 months)
Emset leverages data science to help our clients unlock the value of their data.
We aim to support organizations in their data-driven decision making through
state-of-the-art technology. Services include data analysis, data visualization,
machine learning (e.g., predictive modeling or optimization) and statistical
modeling.

Interpolis
Trainee Data Scientist
September 2018 - February 2019 (6 months)
Tilburg
• Created a tool that allowed for the exploration of textual documents with
respect to frequent concepts by leveraging word/sentence embeddings
• Created several predictive models (e.g., Linear SVM, Boosted Trees) for
classification of damages
• Analyses on repeated burglary, fire damages, new products, etc.
• Worked in an Agile environment
Tools:
▪️ Python (Gensim, Sklearn, etc.)
▪️ R (working with sas7dat)
▪️ SAS (combination of base language and SQL)

TomTom
Trainee Data Scientist
June 2017 - August 2017 (3 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
• Worked as a Data Scientist with TomTom’s sport watch department
• Created a model for the prediction of heart rates that were inaccurately
measured
• The model was an ensemble of models (Forest, XGboost, Ridge, etc.)
• The accuracy of heart rates was increased with roughly 30% and
outperformed a moving average baseline
Tools:
• Python (Pandas, NumPy, Sklearn, etc.)
• R (Ggplot for visualizations)

LOI
Teacher Social Studies & Research Skills
January 2012 - June 2017 (5 years 6 months)
I was responsible for the examination of homework assignments of social
studies including HBO Applied Psychology, MBO Educational Worker and
HBO Teacher Elementary Education. Furthermore, I supported and guided
students in their education using a digital learning environment.

PsyQ
Trainee Clinical Psychologist
September 2015 - June 2016 (10 months)
• Intakes on the programs ADHD, Depression, Trauma, Anxiety and BGGZ
• Treatment within SGGZ (Anxiety, Depression, and ADHD) and BGGZ
• Active role in multi-disciplinary consultations

IEP (Instituut voor Eclectische Psychologie; MindSonar)
Data Analist
April 2014 - November 2014 (8 months)
MindSonar is a psychological test that measures the thinking styles of
individuals within specific situations. I was responsible for further development
of the test by making using of data analysis in SPSS (e.g., through calculations
of Chronbach’s alpha). Factor analyses were executed to find the underlying
clusters that represented the questions/topics/data

Grootendorst Training en Advies
Co-Trainer
October 2013 - November 2014 (1 year 2 months)
I assisted several workshops in which I coached participants on their
communicative skills. Theories and models were used to improve
communication in a social and organizational setting. The strengths of
participants were used as a guide to work on and improve the weaknesses
they had within the communicative domain.

Education
Jheronimus Academy of Data Science
Master of Science - MS, Data Science and Entrepreneurship (Cum
Laude) · (2017 - 2019)
Tilburg University
Master of Science - MS, Clinical Psychology (Cum Laude) · (2015 - 2016)
Tilburg University
Master of Science - MS, Work- and Organizational Psychology (Cum
Laude) · (2013 - 2014)
Tilburg University
Bachelor’s Degree, Psychology · (2010 - 2013)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
mgrootendorst (LinkedIn)
www.maartengrootendorst.com/
(Personal)

Top Skills
Data Science
Machine Learning
Python

Certifications
Python for Data Science and
Machine Learning
The Science of Everyday Thinking
Machine Learning A-Z (Python)
Data Science and Machine Learning
with Python

Publications
Beyond Bag-of-Concepts: Vectors of
Locally Aggregated Concepts


linkedin-08

Allard van Zalen
Data Scientist in Amsterdam
Amsterdam
Summary
Data, R, Python, quantitative research, analytics, modelling,
programming, data visualization, statistics, MS Office, urban farming

Experience
Pathé Theatres B.V.
Data Scientist
May 2020 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands

Ecochain Technologies
Data Scientist
September 2018 - September 2019 (1 year 1 month)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
DAN DNA - Powered by Dentsu Aegis Network
Data scientist
June 2015 - November 2016 (1 year 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

DAN DNA is the dedicated label for everything “data” related in Dentsu Aegis
Netherlands. We have a diverse team ranging from academic researchers,
data scientists, engineers and visualization experts. Our singular focus is to not
just talk about data, but to apply it in every strategy and every campaign: Data
in Action. Instead of treating online/offline media differently, we look at data
from three integrated angles: Declared, Observed and Social behavior.

iProspect|Netsociety
Data scientist
May 2013 - June 2015 (2 years 2 months)
Amsterdam
iProspect and Netsociety joined their forces on 19 November 2012 and focus
on online media
performance in the complex digital domain.
Driven by knowledge, data and unique technology iProspect|Netsociety has
realized significant
results in the marketing mix of many A-brands within o.a. retail, finance en
travel.

Invicta
Data Analist
May 2012 - May 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Amsterdam

Praxis DIY
Master's internship and graduation research
2010 - 2011 (1 year)
Head office in Diemen, supply chain department
For the Master of Science ORM I did an 8-month internship at the
Praxis headquarters. I worked on that in the supply chain department
my graduation research on cross-docking, this is the transshipment of goods
without intermediate storage. At the end of 2010 I successfully completed the research
completed and I went traveling through Southeast Asia with my girlfriend.

Academic Medical Center
Bachelor research nursing ward
2007 - 2007 (less than a year)
Research into the required staffing of the nursing wards. Analysis
from arrival patterns and duration of stay and processing to a mathematical model.
Delivered usable computer program.

Education
Universiteit van Amsterdam / University of Amsterdam
Master of Science, Operations Research en Management · (2009 - 2011)
Universiteit van Amsterdam / University of Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science, Operations Research en Management · (2002 - 2009)
Atheneum College Hageveld
VWO · (1995 - 2001)

Contact
allardvanzalen@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/allard-van-
zalen (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
R
Analysis
Data Visualization

Languages
Dutch
German
Spanish


linkedin-09

Lars van Kempen
Data Scientist at IG&H
Amsterdam
Summary
Data Science | Business Consulting | Analytics | Machine Learning |
Artificial Intelligence | Big Data

Experience
IG&H Consulting & Interim
Data Scientist
April 2018 - Present (3 years 2 months)
Utrecht
Responsible for planning, communication, implementation and adoption of
Data Science solutions in various businesses, sectors and countries. Currently
implementing Next Best Action solution in a live consumer application.
Projects include implementation of various high-stake reporting solutions such
as go-live of new warehouses at the start of Brexit (2018). Optimisation of
planning in surgery rooms of Dutch hospital. Implementation of data driven
pricing strategy from price setting to client negotiations for multiple large
retailers. Data driven distribution strategies for multiple products in financial
markets. Support implementation of entire redistribution of cost model for large
logistic service provider. Automated e-mail analysis and forwarding using
Natural Language Processing.
Experienced in working on Azure cloud, using Azure Data Factory and Azure
Machine Learning Studios. Programming languages include Python, R, SQL,
Apex, (basic) Java.

FAECTOR
4 years
Member of the Supervisory Board
September 2015 - August 2018 (3 years)
Erasmus University Rotterdam
Responsible for advising and guiding the board of the study association for
econometrics and to discuss long-term perspective.

Educational Officer 49th Board
September 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 1 month)
Rotterdam
Full-time responsible for the well-being of the Faculty Association of
Econometrics & Operations Research. This association organises social,
career and educational events for over 1100 Econometrics students.

IG&H Consulting & Interim
Graduate Intern - Data Science
August 2017 - February 2018 (7 months)
Developed a predictive algorithm aimed at recognizing clients with an
increased risk to churn for a client of IG&H Consulting. The derived insights
are directly applicable to their business and facilitate a fact driven retention
programme.

Erasmus MC
Research Assistant
December 2016 - May 2017 (6 months)
Rotterdam Area, Netherlands
Support the research of PhD students at the ophthalmology department in
terms of data management and data analysis.

Erasmus School of Economics
Erasmus Ambassador
September 2015 - September 2016 (1 year 1 month)
Represent the Erasmus School of Economics at events hosted for high school
students such as open days and visits to high schools across the Netherlands.

KPN
Intern Data Science
September 2015 - October 2015 (2 months)
Den Haag
Developed a statistical model used to advise the KPN management regarding
the performance of call centers in the Netherlands.

Education
Erasmus School of Economics
MSc. Econometrics & Management Science - Business Analytics &
Quantitative Marketing · (2016 - 2018)
Erasmus School of Economics
Bachelor's Degree, International Bachelor Econometrics and Operations
Research · (2012 - 2016)
European School of Bergen
High School · (2006 - 2012)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
larsvankempen (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Matlab
Economics
Statistics

Languages
French (Elementary)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)


linkedin-10

Oleg Novikov

Data Science Manager | ex-Uber | Helping data scientists earn what
they’re worth with nextround.cc
Amsterdam

Summary
As a data science manager and a candidate, I was often frustrated
by two things:
- A lack of actionable feedback after interviews
- The fact I could have landed the job if I had been better prepared
I spoke with dozens of hiring managers to learn how they assess
candidates and make hiring decisions. But I kept asking myself how
easier it would be if you knew your 'constructive' feedback before
attending the interview?
A LOT.
Exactly. No more guessing. Take a 30-minute data science mock
interview at nextround.cc, and receive personalized feedback that
will help you get the job you want. It's free.

Experience
Next Round
Data Scientist

June 2020 - Present (1 year)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Next Round helps data scientists and product analysts assess their skills with
free interactive mock interviews, and provides personalized feedback with
learning materials.

Uber
4 years 1 month

Data Science Manager

March 2018 - September 2020 (2 years 7 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
I led a team of data scientists working on lifetime value (LTV) models and
profitability insights for all Uber products and businesses globally.

Data Scientist

September 2016 - February 2018 (1 year 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Product analytics and data science for Uber payments products.

Lyst
Sr. Data Scientist

May 2015 - August 2016 (1 year 4 months)
London, United Kingdom
Deployment of machine learning models (product ranking, recommender
engine), and data infrastructure.

Tribuna Digital
4 years 6 months

Head of Analytics

September 2013 - April 2015 (1 year 8 months)
I was in charge of personalisation, business intelligence, and analytics. Led
a team of analysts and engineers that built a bespoke analytics infrastructure
and recommender system.

Data Scientist

November 2010 - October 2013 (3 years)

iTrack
Full-Stack Software Engineer

August 2008 - November 2010 (2 years 4 months)

Education
HBX | Harvard Business School
Executive Education, Leadership & Strategy · (2017 - 2018)

Maastricht University School of Business and Economics
Business Intelligence Summer School · (2014 - 2014)

Higher School of Economics
Computer Science · (2010 - 2014)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/olegnovikov
(LinkedIn)
nextround.cc (Other)

Top Skills
Data Science
Product Analytics
Interviewing

Languages
Spanish (Elementary)
Russian (Native or Bilingual)
Dutch (Elementary)

linkedin-11

Warner de Jong

Data Scientist | I create data models to strengthen your business and
visualize performance for informed decisions
Amsterdam

Summary
Hi, I'm actively looking for a Data Scientist role. Do not cold call me.
Feel free to reach out to me by mail or add me to your network. Do
leave a note with enough details on the position and I will get back to
you.
I currently write and publish about data science (with code) after
having worked as a data analyst for the last 2 years, working mostly
with Python, SQL and Power BI. Apart from that, is my experience
with Airflow, Spark, GCP, Git and a variety of other tools, most
backed by over 50 Data Science certificates gained in my free time
(find them all on my LinkedIn), done to up-skill myself to a greater
level.
I'm also interested in Economics and hold two Master degrees within
the field, one specializing in global competitiveness, the other on
growth in China. Sometimes I'm asked why two? Well... I'm not a
scholar but I loved going to China and who wouldn't say yes to a
scholarship? :)
Regarding my mission, I'm an extravert in data, aiming to combine
the people with the data. A nice lesson I learned is that although
not everyone is in data, you can make it speak by visualization and
business pragmatism. For those who are more into data, they will
value your production-grade code very much. I strive to grow further
in my understanding from both sides, in empathy and tech, aiming to
bring together the data- with the business people.
Thank you for reading. To start a conversation with me to discuss
and learn or collaborate, feel free to LinkedIn connect or leave an
email at warner.d.jong@gmail.com
Keywords on my background:
- 2 Master degrees in Economics
- Python, SQL, Power BI, Excel
- Airflow, Spark, Git, GCP
- 50+ certificates in Data Science
- Publisher on towardsdatascience.com
- Bouldering

Experience
SGR
Data Scientist (bij Eiffel)

February 2021 - Present (4 months)
Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland, the Netherlands

EIFFEL
Data Scientist

February 2021 - Present (4 months)
Amsterdam Area

Writing about Data Science
Data Scientist / Data Analyst

October 2020 - Present (8 months)
Sharing my knowledge on how to conduct data science from a business
perspective.
Aiming to share my love for the field and hoping to enable others.
- Find my latest articles published at: https://towardsdatascience.com/
@warner.d.jong
- Personal data projects on GitHub: https://github.com/Warnalytics/

B2C Europe
1 year 9 months

Data Analyst

October 2019 - August 2020 (11 months)
Amsterdam Area, the Netherlands
Tools: Python, SQL, Power BI, Kibana, Excel.
✔ Business Communication: Gathering requirements and creating solutions.
✔ Data Processing
✔ Data Analysis: Inference and relationships
✔ Data Visualization: Applying UX, UI: Making data reporting effective and
interesting.

★ Project: Product Performance Analysis ★
• Problem: With more than 50 custom integrated suppliers each providing
different supplier products worldwide through our API E-commerce solution,
we noticed quantity and quality differences. To holistically improve the product,
there was not a clear cut answer.
• Solution: Conducted a statistical analysis on the relationship between various
quantitative metrics, uncovering the most influential causes to reduced quality
in the application.
★ Project: IT Helpdesk ★
• Problem: B2C Europe has personnel in 6 different countries with often
urgent requests. IT needed a model to help prioritize tickets - allowing
faster response/resolve times - and a dashboard for managers to gain more
oversight and steer better on concerns within the organization.
• Solution: Analyzed 2 years of tickets and emails with a model, deriving key
components of tickets. Then created a new webform that is able to capture
these key components alongside a dashboard that reports on the performance
of this new ticketing process.

Business Analyst

December 2018 - November 2019 (1 year)
Amsterdam Area, the Netherlands
Tools: Python, SQL, Power BI, Excel.
Direct support to the CCO, supporting decision-making at a global and per
HUB level plus providing reports and tooling to the Sales organization.
★ Project: Sales Pricing Data Modelling + Tooling ★
• Problem: In parcel logistics there are many combinations between 1)
countries that retailers want to service, 2) carriers that deliver to these
countries, and 3) pricing strategies among carrier products. Each combination
results in a different cost curve given a quantity of X parcels, causing pricing
difficulties at the Sales department.
• Solution: To support I created a data model that retrieved and structured the
supplier cost components, allowing the most cost-effective combination to be
chosen, given the buying conditions of all of our customers.
★ Project: Customer Performance Dashboard ★

• Solution: Various visualizations of sales flows to provide insights at a
global level. Detailed simulations on the potential revenue and costs of sales
prospects

hivetime
Marketing Intern

February 2018 - August 2018 (7 months)
Shanghai, China
Hivetime is a management consultancy specialized in leadership of key teams.
With Hivetime, I met various experts and leaders through workshops and
events to develop the marketing and business of the company.
• Initiated online marketing. Built company website and designed the customer
journey
• Attended 10+ industry event for continuous learning and content marketing of
new trends.
• Interviewed MNC leaders at senior and C-level to create customer personas,
improving outreach on LinkedIn.
• Recruited and later managed 3 interns, each with their own specialty in
content research and creation
• Had a lot of fun with the team, lots of lessons learned in onboarding and
guidance.
• Developed LinkedIn-related content marketing guidebook for internal practice
sharing.
Unique about Hivetime is the mix of leadership, alignment, design thinking
and people practices, to facilitate an organizational development journey. This
journey is key to teams meeting their firm’s performance challenge.

GoBear
Market Analyst

June 2017 - September 2017 (4 months)
Singapore
• Conducted market research on banking and insurance products in 6 SEA
markets, the customer decision-making insights supported the expansion
strategy and sales of the company.
• Designed an SEO strategy with competition overview and keyword valuation
per demographic.
• Developed an algorithmic market assessment and forecasting tool based on
82 parameters. The tool was distributed to all 6 GoBear countries.

GoBear is a financial comparison platform for banking and insurance products.
By reducing the need for financial literacy and providing ease of comparison,
GoBear excels in access and transparancy. As one of the fastest growing
startups in SEA, GoBear has served over 29 million customers since 2014.

ESN Groningen
Event Organizer

June 2016 - June 2017 (1 year 1 month)
Groningen, the Netherlands
• Organized the Career Conference on career development and cross-cultural
integration.
• Planned the budget and expenditure for the career arm of ESN Groningen.
• Facilitated company visits for aspiring international students.
ESN is a non-profit international student organisation, composed of over
13,500 members in over 40 countries. Providing opportunities for cultural
understanding and self-development under the principle of Students Helping
Students. ESN Groningen, one of the largest ESN locations holds over 150
events annually.

Education
复旦大学
Master's Degree, Chinese Economy · (2017 - 2018)

Rijksuniversiteit Groningen
Master's Degree, International Economics and Business · (2016 - 2017)

전남대학교
Business administration, Psychology · (2015 - 2016)

University of Groningen
Bachelor’s Degree, International Business · (2012 - 2016)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/warnerdejong
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Team Leadership
Cross-cultural Communication Skills
Academic Writing

Languages
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
German (Elementary)

Certifications
Cleaning Data in Python
Intermediate R: Practice
Unsupervised Learning in Python
Importing Data in R (Part 1)
Intermediate SQL

Honors-Awards
Foreign Industry Competition - Third
prize
Industry Competition - Wavin Second prize

linkedin-12

Alexander Sherstnev

Group Manager in Analytics and Data Scientist at Avanade
Amsterdam

Summary
Data science, machine learning, data analysis, and statistical
modelling projects with business and research data. Mathematical
and computational simulation of complex phenomena in business,
industry, and science.
Data analytics and Machine learning consultancy projects in retail,
aviation and hospitality sectors.

Experience
Avanade
Group Manager in Analytics and Data Scientist
January 2021 - Present (5 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands

Delivery Lead and Principle Consultant in Data Science and Analytics.
Specialization - machine learning, analytics solutions, data-driven strategy,
retail, supply chain, forecasting.

Altius
5 years 9 months

Principal Consultant in Data Analytics and Machine Learning
December 2018 - December 2020 (2 years 1 month)
Amsterdam, Netherlands

Lead Data Scientist

July 2015 - December 2020 (5 years 6 months)
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Responsible for technical leadership in Altius Data Science Practice.

Principal Consultant in Data Analytics and Machine Learning
July 2018 - December 2018 (6 months)
London, United Kingdom

Senior Consultant in Data Analytics and Machine Learning
April 2015 - June 2018 (3 years 3 months)
London, United Kingdom

Designed and developed production-level forecasting and recommendation
systems for clients in the retail industry.
Performed a data analysis of HR data for a large client in the hospitality sector
with 125,000 employees. Survival methods were applied.
Designed and implemented fraud detection systems for clients in insurance
and airline industries.

GSK
Scientific Investigator (contract)

March 2014 - April 2015 (1 year 2 months)
Stevenage, United Kingdom
Research projects in computational biology, pre-clinical and phase III data
pipelines, network analyses and DNA/RNA-seq data analyses.

APAdata IT Engineering
Director and Data Scientist

January 2014 - April 2015 (1 year 4 months)
London, United Kingdom
Data science contracts in pharmaceutical industry and in an advertising
startup. Managed the company, developed machine learning and statistical
algorithms for processing of geolocation and biological data.

University of Dundee
Senior Research Scientist

May 2010 - March 2014 (3 years 11 months)
Data analyses of large size genomic datasets (RNA-seq) for validation of the
gene differential expression methods; I designed and built pipelines for these
analyses.
Design and development of ProteoCache, a java web application for caching
Jpred output and managing large-scale genome-wide calculations.
Analysed large genomic datasets (RNA-seq): designed and developed
pipelines for the data analysis; integrated in-house and public datasets;
developed a web-server for hosting these data.
Developed a novel software predictor of genomic features APApred, based on
neural networks. Full development cycle.

University of Oxford
Research Scientist

October 2008 - May 2010 (1 year 8 months)
Oxford, United Kingdom
Developed the CompHEP Monte Carlo simulation software. I was the leading
developer of this project for several years.
Mathematical modelling of particle collisions with CompHEP for data analyses
in CERN experimental groups at the Oxford University.

University of Cambridge
Research Scientist

January 2006 - October 2008 (2 years 10 months)
Cambridge, United Kingdom
Designed and developed various simulation codes for scientific projects at
CERN.
Designed HepML, a special XML-based markup language for keeping
information on Monte-Carlo data in large-scale productions at CERN,
implemented a C library for the language.

CERN
Research Scientist

February 2004 - January 2006 (2 years)
Geneva Area, Switzerland
Developed software and prepared simulated data for future data analyses in
the Single Top & Higgs research groups in the CMS collaboration: prepared
Monte-Carlo simulated data, arranged the full CMS detector simulation
production of these data, developed data analysis codes with neural networks
and genetic algorithms.
Designed and implemented GENSER (a library of Monte Carlo simulation
programs) and MCDB (a web knowledge-base for storing metadata of Monte
Carlo simulated data) for CERN collaborations.

Moscow State University
PhD Student & Junior Research Scientist

March 2001 - November 2005 (4 years 9 months)
Moscow, Russian Federation

Developed core codes for the CompHEP Monte Carlo simulation software and
applied CompHEP in research in theoretical physics.

Education
Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU)
PhD, Theoretical Particle Physics · (2001 - 2005)

Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU)
M.Sc. (with honors), Nuclear Physics · (1994 - 2001)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/alexsherstnev
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
R
Data Analysis
Machine Learning

Languages
Russian (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)

Certifications
edX Verified Certificate for
Programming with Python for Data
Science
edX Verified Certificate for Applied
Machine Learning
edX Verified Certificate for Principles
of Machine Learning

Publications
Parton distributions for LO
generators
Spin effects in processes of single
top quark production at hadron
colliders
Full list of publications is available in
my Google Scholar profile
New Compound Sets Identified
from High Throughput Phenotypic
Screening Against Three
Kinetoplastid Parasites
Direct sequencing of Arabidopsis
thaliana RNA reveals patterns of
cleavage and polyadenylation

linkedin-13

Uwe Kirsten
Senior Data Scientist
Amsterdam

Summary
PROFILE
I am the senior data scientist who will bring excellence to your
decision making. My extensive statistical experience ranges from
descriptive statistics and regressions to sophisticated neural network
and machine learning implementations. Building on my broad yet indepth knowledge of a range of industries, I will quickly identify how
and where my statistical toolkit and skillset can leverage business
results, and help you make better decisions and achieve measurable
results. Using R, Spark, Python, SQL, big data and visualization
tools, I will deliver solid insights and predictions that will grow and
enhance your business.

SUMMARY
• Data Science and Machine Learning expert turning raw big data
into insights, predictions, recommendations, implementations, and
productionized business value
• 4 years of experience as Data Scientist and 20 years in dataanalytical roles, such as Data analyst, Statistician, Scientific
researcher, Economist, Econometrist
• Soft skills: Excellent communication, presentation and coaching
skills, stakeholder, customer and business value oriented, identifying
and prioritizing business relevant problems, Agile
• Deep learning, machine learning, predictive modelling, data mining,
web scraping, text mining, NLP, econometrics
• Coding skills: Python (ca. 60 packages), R (ca. 100 packages),
SQL, SAS Enterprise Guide, command line
• Libraries (top-20): numpy, scipy, matplotlib, pandas, sklearn, scikitlearn, scikit-plot, tensorflow, tensorboard, keras, spark, xgboost, nltk,
beautifulsoup, seaborn, bokeh, flask, graphiz, opencv, pytest, etc.
• Notebooks: Jupyter, Zeppelin, IntelliJ, Spyder, R-Studio
• Big Data technology: Docker, HDFS, YARN, Hive, Kafka,
BigQuery, Spark, MapR, Cloudera, GIT, Jenkins, cloud computing,
Aster, MS SQL-server, Teradata, NoSQL, json format

• Visualizations with Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview, ggplot, scikit-plot,
matplotlib, graphviz, seaborn, et al
• Statistics tools: SPSS statistics, SPSS modeler, Statistica, SAS Eminer, Excel, Access, Spotfire
• Industries: government, e-commerce, insurance, research,
education, construction, energy, IT services, telecommunication,
consultancy
• Language skills: Dutch (near native), English (proficient), German
(native speaker), French
• Project links: https://gitlab.com/uwekirsten/breastcancer

Experience
Terberg Business Lease Group B.V.
Senior Data Scientist
October 2020 - Present (8 months)
Utrecht, Netherlands

To improve business processes I develop both, the Azure Machine Learning
platform as well as machine or deep learning models to predict damages,
costs, prices etc.

Study Break
Study Sabbatical

October 2019 - September 2020 (1 year)
Amsterdam
I developed myself by studying autodidactically on various data science
fields, like Python, Deep Learning, XGBoost, Keras, Gradient Boosting,
Recommendation engines, Computer Vision, Pyspark, and more

Knowit BV
Senior Data Scientist / Consultant

September 2018 - October 2019 (1 year 2 months)
For a governmental organization I developed and implemented machine
learning models to predict fraud of clients requests.

Government
Data Science Programmer

November 2018 - July 2019 (9 months)
Utrecht Area, Netherlands

Programming fraud detection models for this customer. I helped the Dutch
Tax Authority with machine learning prediction modelling to detect incorrect or
even scam cases which helps improving the process of controlling tax returns.
I also analyse various business fields to identify fruitful analysis and modelling
opportunities and I check and test the performance of existing models. I
performed ad hoc analysis for the management information, for example a
funnel analysis.

Devoteam
Senior Data Scientist / Consultant

September 2017 - September 2018 (1 year 1 month)
During my work at Devoteam I helped a Dutch medium-sized municipality
with the prediction of budgets for home care. For this client, I developed a
prediction model based on a machine learning algorithm as well as a model
implementation plan. Furthermore, I took lead in the development of data
science businesses and products at Devoteam. This resulted in a data science
implementation plan as well as standard machine learning prediction model
scripts in R and Python applicable for diverse customer demands. I also
maintained customer relations.

KPN
Data Scientist / Marketing Intelligence Analyst
June 2016 - June 2017 (1 year 1 month)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

I supported KPN brand Telfort with better customer information for campaigns
by developing a system to calculate the expected customer lifetime value uplift.
This included the development of a machine learning churn model. As a result,
Telfort was able to make better choices between upgradeable customers and
sleepers. Furthermore, I analysed the customer-product-paths that provided
information to Telfort about the best propositions.
For KPN I developed and implemented GIT based machine cross-sell models
to predict customer propensity to buy. The results were used by database
marketer’s for more efficient campaign selections. Within the customer journey
analytics project group, I performed a (text mining) sentiment analysis of call
center contacts and the effect on churn. Moreover, I analysed the effects of
premiums on loyalty of mobile-landline customers which provided very useful
information on the most effective premium propositions.

Bakker Hillegom B.V.
Data Analyst / Marketing Intelligence Analyst

August 2015 - June 2016 (11 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
For Bakker, I developed logistic-regression-based score and response
models for the propensity to buy. I used the scores to make better choices
in the customer selections for mailings such as campaigns and catalogues.
Furthermore, I analysed the effect of aggressive compared to smooth
campaign styles. As result, I found specific customer features (lifetime,
gender) work in the smooth approach as a better driver than in the aggressive
approach. This insight was used to distinguish the mailings more efficiently.

Dorma Nederland B.V.
Data Analyst

September 2013 - August 2015 (2 years)
Utrecht Area, Netherlands
For Dorma, I developed linear-regression-based sales forecast models that
allowed to benchmark the sales performance of the account managers. By
using a machine learning association rules algorithm, I provided information on
product groups useful to include in the assortment of the web shop.

Belmondo.nl
Online Marketing Analyst

August 2012 - September 2013 (1 year 2 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek
Statistics Researcher

March 2006 - January 2011 (4 years 11 months)
The Hague Area, Netherlands
For CBS, I developed price and volume statistics measuring real BIP and real
economic growth of The Netherlands. I was responsible for the methodology
used for the development and lead a project team of five developers and
analysts. My development work comprised many industries such as car lease,
transport, consultancy, accounting and IT services, as well as health, real
estate and trade. I represented Statics Netherlands at UN working group
and EUROSTAT task force meetings where presented my papers on the
Dutch methodology of price statistics. In the CBS Greenbook, I published my
research on the producer confidence and investment.

NMa-Nederlandse Mededingingsautoriteit (opgegaan in ACM per 1
april 2013)
Market Analyst

November 2004 - December 2005 (1 year 2 months)
The Hague, Netherlands
For this organization, I have performed energy market reports with KPIs on the
Dutch energy retail and wholesale markets. I have represented Netherlands
in EU task forces and organized reporting to the EU commission on the stage
of liberalization of energy markets. Moreover, I assessed energy supplier’s
transparency and comprehensibility of energy bills by investigating how much
they meet the agreed comprehensibility and transparency criteria.

Alterra Wageningen UR
Researcher

February 2002 - June 2004 (2 years 5 months)
Wageningen, Netherlands
For the International Commission of the natural reserve Het Zwin, I helped
making up decision on the reserve’s enlargement by predicting the changes
of the economic value for the region as well as the natural reserve itself. For
the Dutch Natural Reserve Plan Office (NPB), I investigated the intersection
of traffic and natural reserves in the Netherlands which contributes to the
customer’s policy decisions.

Ministerie van Economische Zaken
Beroepsopleiding Financieel-Economisch Beleidsmedewerker
September 2000 - September 2001 (1 year 1 month)
The Hague Area, Netherlands

At the Ministry Of Economic Affairs, I participated in the policy process of the
airport liberalization as well as the publication on the Dutch progress on market
liberalizations.

SVB Sociale Verzekeringsbank
Data Quality Analyst

March 1999 - June 2000 (1 year 4 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
In order to investigate the effectiveness of the regulation for pension
continuation for unemployed I programmed and calculated the regulation
payment and detected anomalies.

SEO Economic Research
Researcher

January 1998 - February 1999 (1 year 2 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

At this scientific research institute, I developed econometric models that
calculate and predict the performance of schools.

SocialData
Fieldwork Market Research Interviewer Data-Entry
March 1995 - December 1997 (2 years 10 months)
Essen Area, Germany

Socialdata is a Research Institute for Infrastructure and Mobility

Education
DataCamp
Data Science spearheads · (2019 - 2019)

Coursera
Data Science Specialization · (2014 - 2016)

SRM Amsterdam
NIMA B1, e-marketing · (2011 - 2012)

University of Essen, Germany
Diplom, Economics (Volkswirtschaftslehre) · (1989 - 1997)

Erasmus University Rotterdam, Netherlands
post-dostoral, financial-economic policy-making · (2000 - 2001)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/uwekirsten-3462a629 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Python
R
SQL

Languages
English (Full Professional)
Dutch (Full Professional)
French (Professional Working)

Certifications
Building Recommendation Engines
with PySpark
Deep Learning with Keras in Python
Deep Learning in Python
Machine Learning with PySpark
Extreme Gradient Boosting with
XGBoost


linkedin-14

Vincent Cai

Associate Data Scientist at Nielsen
Rotterdam

Summary
A Data Science and Artificial Intelligence enthusiast with solid
programming and analytical skills, as well as hands-on experience
with solving business problems with data-driven solutions. A
professional with multidisciplinary experience and excellent people
skills.

Experience
Nielsen
Associate Data Scientist

May 2020 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands

PlayGround Fitness
Operations Manager & Fitness Coach
February 2018 - August 2018 (7 months)
Shanghai City, China

* Designed operational and service procedures for the gym
* Analysed sales data and presented analyses in weekly meetings
* Recruited and coordinated fitness trainers
* Promoted the gym on social media and sports reservation applications
* Organized weekly events with fitness and health-related themes
* Provided customized personal training for clients with various fitness goals
* Designed and led group fitness classes

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines
Flight Attendant

August 2008 - February 2018 (9 years 7 months)
Shanghai City, China
* Attended to passengers’ safety and wellbeing onboard
* Maintained effective communication with passengers and crew members
* Actively promoted KLM’s Frequent Flier Program
* Went the extra mile to value and satisfy VIP passengers and Frequent Fliers
* Ensured cabin and passenger compliance with safety and security rules
* Excelled in crew performance evaluations with outstanding scores

Beijing Capital International Airport
Secretary
August 2005 - July 2008 (3 years)
Beijing

* Arranged appointments and organized meetings for the General Manager
* Interpreter for the GM in international meetings
* Ensured efficient communication between the GM and all departments
* Prioritized department reports and processed accordingly
* Maintained archives of documents and paperwork for future reference

Education
Tilburg University
Master of Science - MS, Data Science & Society · (2019 - 2020)

Tilburg University
Pre-Master, Data Science & Artificial Intelligence · (2018 - 2019)

University of International Business and Economics
Bachelor, Public Administration · (2001 - 2005)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vincentxcai
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Python
R
Machine Learning

Languages
English (Full Professional)
Dutch (Elementary)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications
City Deal Challenge - The Healthy
City Den Bosch
CPR/AED/First Aid
Introduction to PySpark
Certified Personal Trainer


linkedin-15

Hava Shabtai

Junior Data Scientist at Ordina
Utrecht

Summary
My abilities as a data scientist are data cleaning and manipulation
using the popular python pandas data science library etc. I am
able to take tabular data, clean it, manipulate it, and run inferential
statistical analyses. Moreover, I am able to make information
visualization, with a focus on reporting and charting using the
matplotlib library.
As a data scientist I am also able to identify the difference between a
supervised (classification) and unsupervised (clustering) technique,
identify which technique is needed to apply for a particular dataset
and need, engineer features to meet that need, and write python
code applying the scikit-learn predictive modelling methods to carry
out an analysis.
One can see a demonstration of my ability on: https://
havashabtai.github.io/
E-mail: Hava.Shabtai@ordina.nl

Experience
Ordina
Junior Data Scientist

February 2018 - Present (3 years 4 months)
Ringwade 1, 3439 LM Nieuwegein

Data Science
Looking for a job

Education
University of Haifa
Master’s Degree, Mathematics · (2006 - 2010)

Technion - Israel Institute of Technology
Bachelor’s Degree, Mathematics · (2001 - 2005)

Contact
j.h.shabtai@gmail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/hava-shabtai
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Science

Languages
German
English
Hebrew

Certifications
Applied Plotting, Charting & Data
Representation in Python
Introduction to Data Science in
Python
Applied Machine Learning in Python
R Programming
The Data Scientist’s Toolbox


linkedin-16

Daphne van Leeuwen, PhD
Senior Data Scientist at Bright Cape
Amsterdam

Summary
I am an energetic, ambitious person with a passion for quantitative
decision-making. With my background in data-driven decisionmaking, I encourage people to make more impactful decisions by
using data. I believe that a data-driven approach is instrumental in
today’s working environment.
I am passionate about spatial analytics, pattern recognition and
anomaly detection. With a special interest in environmental
challenges that contribute to a sustainable world, and I am eager to
expand my knowledge in this domain!

Experience
Bright Cape
3 years 2 months

Senior Data Scientist

December 2020 - Present (6 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Data Science Consultancy and additional responsibilities, including
competence lead in the data science infrastructure and tooling landscape and
development of our data science training portfolio.

Data Scientist

April 2018 - December 2020 (2 years 9 months)
Data Science consultancy projects including:
• Trainer of the Applied Data Science Bootcamp, including set-up of the
curriculum – Via partner EIT Digital
• Building a scalable control monitoring solution for risk & compliance using
Process Mining, RPA and Cognitive analytics – Banking Industry.
• Coaching two junior Data Scientists and their team to build the Data Science
capability – Energy Supplier.
• Identification and classification of machine degradation patterns with
Computer Vision – High-Tech Manufacturing.
• Innovation project ‘Eole Eyes’ developing a full-packaged drone solution for
decision support in emergency situations

Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica
PHD Candidate

January 2014 - January 2019 (5 years 1 month)
Science Park, Amsterdam
Dissertation title: Stochastic models for Optimization and Control of
Transportation Systems.

TrafficLink B.V.
Researcher

January 2014 - December 2017 (4 years)
Uithoorn
Public Private Partnership - CWI and TrafficLink
Supporting the development team of TrafficLink to advance their traffic
management software with mathematical models and data-driven solution.
Specific contribution include:
• A data-driven traffic accident analysis and forecasting software module by
means of geo-spatial analytics techniques.
• An optimization model for time-dependent demand-spreading to reduce traffic
delays at bottleneck locations, e.g., Amsterdam Arena, Amersfoort Dierenpark.
Furthermore, I was the research representative of Traffic Link in the FP7
European consortium project called: "Reduction: Technology for the
Environment, in which I finalized the software integration solution.

Education
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam)
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Applied Mathematics · (2014 - 2019)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam)
Master's degree, Business Analytics · (2011 - 2013)

UPC School (Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya)
Erasmus period, Courses Master of advanced mathematics and mathematical
engineering · (2011 - 2012)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam)
Bachelor of Science, Business Mathematics and Informatics · (2007 - 2012)

Kaj Munk college Hoofddorp
· (2004 - 2007)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/daphne-vanleeuwen-phd (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Machine Learning
Spatial Analysis
Stochastic Modeling

Languages
English (Professional Working)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Elementary)


linkedin-17

Mark Patrick Roeling
Lead Data Scientist at Dataworkz
The Hague

Summary
I am a Data Scientist currently working as a consultant in Senior and
Lead roles. I have a mixed background (public and private) focused
on applying and developing data science in a risk, defense and
investigation context.
Experienced and certified in working with substantial data volumes
in various infra (Cloudera; Hive/Spark/AWS/Azure) and platforms
(R/Python/SAS). My multidisciplinary background helps in using
different analytical angles to solve problems. >5y data science
experience completed with a firm academic track record in machine
learning and statistics. Experienced staff advisor on ethical aspects
regarding algorithms and data usage.
Experience with unsupervised learning, clustering, social network
analyses, and missing data. Developer of computer vision
(movement), open-source intel- and geospatial intelligence
applications.

Experience
Dataworkz
Lead Data Scientist

March 2021 - Present (3 months)
Utrecht, Netherlands

Ministerie van Financiën
Senior Data Scientist

March 2020 - February 2021 (1 year)
The Hague Area, Netherlands
Python, Docker, Flask

Ministerie van Defensie
Big Data Scientist

January 2018 - January 2020 (2 years 1 month)
The Hague Area, Netherlands
Hadoop, Hive, Python, R, Beeline, Docker, Java, UDFs

ING
Data Scientist

July 2016 - September 2016 (3 months)
Amsterdam
Develop an innovative anomaly detection method to find fraud, and
subsequently updated the consumer credit fraud detection model.

Capgemini
Data Scientist, Finance and Risk.

November 2014 - October 2015 (1 year)
Utrecht
Practice Insights & Data; Cluster Data Science.
Developer of data-driven models to detect fraud in both private (banking) and
public (tax authorities) settings. Models and applications were predominantly
based on machine learning algorithms and we collaborated with SAS and IBM
Watson.
Deployment rating 89.9%.

Erasmus MC
Junior Data Analyst

July 2011 - August 2014 (3 years 2 months)
Erasmus MC is the largest university hospital in the Netherlands. Worked with
large datasets of genomic and psychometric data.
My work provided meta-analytic evidence that variation in microglial genes
underlies Autism Spectrum Disorders. I also linked these genes to intracranial
brain volume in healthy subjects which opens the possibility that their might
be a clear genetic distortion contributing to the increased brain volume
phenomenon often seen in autism patients, in which abnormal functioning
of microglial genes inhibits a healthy synaptic pruning process, resulting in
hyperconnectivity and increased brain volume.
Responsible for data collection and analyses in +5000 patients with various
mental disorders. Data were used in various master- and bachelor theses and
several students that I supervised have become PhD students.

CNCR, Center for Neurogenomics & Cognitive Research
Junior Data Analyst
July 2011 - August 2014 (3 years 2 months)
Amsterdam
Collaboration with Erasmus MC.

VU University Amsterdam
Research Assistant

January 2010 - June 2011 (1 year 6 months)
Netherlands Twin Register (NTR), mainly solving data quality issues;
datacoding and maintenance.
Worked with dr Danielle Cath on the genetics of tic disorders and with dr Marijn
Distel on the genetics of Borderline Personality and Anger.

Holland Casino
Croupier / Dealer

November 2007 - June 2011 (3 years 8 months)

Tilburg University
3 years 7 months

Research Assistant

September 2006 - March 2010 (3 years 7 months)
2007 dr Martijn Kwaijtaal
2008 prof. Beatrice de Gelder
2008-9 dr Andreas Wismeijer

Student Assistant

January 2008 - May 2009 (1 year 5 months)
Tutor academic skills
TA psychology and health

McDonald's
Crew

January 2001 - July 2005 (4 years 7 months)
Waalwijk

Education
TU Delft

Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Cybersecurity and Statistics / Unsupervised
Learning · (2016 - 2020)

University of Oxford
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Cybersecurity and Statistics / Unsupervised
Learning · (2016 - 2020)

Erasmus University Rotterdam
MSc, Health Sciences: Genetic Epidemiology and Biostatistics · (2011 - 2013)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
MSc, Behavioral Genetics · (2010 - 2011)

Tilburg University
BSc, Psychology · (2005 - 2010)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
markpatrickroeling (LinkedIn)
www.mproeling.com (Personal)

Top Skills
Statistics
Data Science
R

Certifications
Scrum Master
Structuring Machine Learning
Projects
SAS Certified Base Programmer for
SAS 9
MLOps (Machine Learning
Operations) Fundamentals
Improving Deep Neural Networks:
Hyperparameter tuning,
Regularization, and Optimization

Honors-Awards
Oxford University Studentship
Presentation award Ned Vereniging
Kindergeneeskunde
Speciale Cultuurprijs

Publications
Imputation of attributes in networked
data using Bayesian autocorrelation
regression models
Assessing opinions on Software
as a Weapon in the context of
(inter)national security
Piloting a generic cancer consumer
quality index in six European
countries.
Sex differences and genderinvariance of mother-reported
childhood problem behavior.
Meta-analysis of the heritability of
human traits based on fifty years of
twin studies


linkedin-18

Steven Postmus
Data Scientist at Data Science Lab.
Amsterdam

Summary
I'm holding a MSc degree in Business Analytics, obtained at VU
University Amsterdam. My passion is to use data science solutions
to solve complex business problems. Currently working as a Data
Scientist @ Data Science Lab.

Experience

Data Science Lab.
Data Scientist
September 2020 - Present (9 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Data Science Lab is a full-service consultancy that helps clients to realise their
data-driven ambitions, using the latest data science and cloud solutions.

NEWCRAFT
Data Scientist

February 2020 - September 2020 (8 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
NEWCRAFT helps businesses achieve results faster through digital
acceleration. The Data Science team helps clients by providing data science
services such as data-driven marketing solutions and data strategy.
In this period I worked on projects for multiple clients, where I improved both
my hard skills (building full-stack advanced machine learning applications
from scratch till deployment the cloud) and my soft skills (consulting skills,
stakeholders and project management).

bunq
Data Scientist

August 2019 - January 2020 (6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
bunq is a fully digital data-driven challenger bank, that does banking in a
complete new way.

In this period, I developed and implemented a transaction monitoring and fraud
detection system that was able to detect fraudulent transactions and fraudsters
in an earlier stage, based on their historical transactions and characteristics.

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam)
Teaching Assistant
April 2019 - July 2019 (4 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Teaching assistant for the course 'Machine Learning for the Quantified Self'.

Deloitte Nederland
2 years 8 months

Thesis Intern Analytics & Information Management
September 2018 - April 2019 (8 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Thesis for the MSc Business Analytics (VU Amsterdam), written at Deloitte's
Analytics & Information Management service line.
Subject: Generating patients behaviour using Generational Adversarial
Networks.
Grade: 9.0

Werkstudent Analytics & Information Management
September 2016 - August 2018 (2 years)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Part of the Analytics and Information Management service line within Deloitte's
Technology practice in the Netherlands. Here, I strongly developed both
my analytical and visualization skills by supporting consultants in several
advanced analytics projects.

Education
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam)
Master of Science (MSc), Business Analytics · (2016 - 2019)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Minor, Business Analytics · (2015 - 2015)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Business Analytics · (2013 - 2016)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
stevenpostmus (LinkedIn)
www.stevenpostmus.nl (Personal)

Top skills
Data Science
Python
Project Planning

Languages
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
Certifications
MSc Business Analytics
BSc Business Analytics


linkedin-19

Srinivas Pradeep

Digital Transformation - AI| Decision Intelligence | Automation | ML|
DL| Cloud Computing| Digital Marketing
The Hague

Summary
***Hands on Experience in Deep learning, Machine learning,Data
Enthusiast with 16 years of experience in- Statistical and Modeling
Techniques, Applying Machine Learning algorithms in Python and R,
- Developing Models,
- Model Evaluation
- Model validation
- Deployment of Models
ML Pipeline, Data Pipeline,
Mathematics for Machine learning
Data visualisation
MLOps
Build Machine Learning Models with Azure Machine Learning
Designer
Management Experience - Stakeholder Management, Team
management (6 years) , Project Management, Delivery.
Domain : HR (Human Resource), Banking , Finance , Manufacturing,
Oil&Gas
Techniques - Machine learning and Deep Learning.
Supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms (such as Random
Forests, Gradient Boosting, Deep Neural Networks, Logistic
Regression, SVM, KNN, K-Means clustering, Isolation forests ,
Ensemble Modeling.
Deep learning : Neural Network , CNN, RNN, Image Captioning,
Neural Machine Translation
Github https://github.com/sriprad
Technical Skills - Python , R , C++, Altreyx, Spotfire, Tableau, SQL ,
Postgresql

NLP - BERT, word2vec, Glove, Transformer
Deep learning Framework - PyTorch, Keras
Cloud Computing - AWS, Azure, Google Cloud
Web development using Flask

Experience
Glencore
Digital Transformation & Data Scientist
October 2020 - Present (8 months)
Den Haag, South Holland, Netherlands

Shell
Senior Data Science Professional

November 2018 - October 2020 (2 years)
The Hague Area, Netherlands
1. Application of Machine learning / Deep Learning in Sub Surface and Wells
Engineering.
Tools - Python , ML Pipeline, Git, Azure
Visualization - Spotfire
2. Developing ML pipeline for Human Resource Analytics.
Tools - Python, R, Alteryx

Mercedes-Benz India Pvt. Ltd.
Senior Data Scientist

October 2016 - November 2018 (2 years 2 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Application of Machine learning and Deep learning in Engineering Problems.
Tensorflow, Theano , Keras , R, Python, OpenCV.
Developing Models for Advance Driver Assistance System.
Developing proof of concept for Machine learning problems in Quality
Department (US)

HSBC
Lead Manager Decision Science

December 2014 - October 2016 (1 year 11 months)
Bangalore
Application of Data Science in HR Analytics - Human Capital Management

Developed the Dashboard solving very old problem of Balancing scorecard
for Finance and HR . Awarded with Delivering the promise for successful
implementation.

FORD
Deputy Manager

October 2011 - December 2014 (3 years 3 months)
Applied Statistics and Machine learning in Automotive Space (Tools - SAS, R)
Researching data, products, processes, and/or services for the purpose of
improving said data, products, processes, and/or services
Deliverable include valuable insights from specific research projects, synthesis
of consumer insights with internal sales data, syndicated studies, and
competitive intelligence
Various qualitative and quantitative research processes, including: needs
assessments, concept testing, ad testing & tracking, customer profiling,
satisfaction and loyalty, brand tracking & competitive assessment, shopping,
retention and defection
Customer Segmentation: identifies strengths, weaknesses and opportunities
in the current customer base, opportunities and challenges for growing the
customer base
• Reviewing and evaluating research results and making appropriate
recommendations to management
• Attending meetings with management and/or clients, when appropriate, to
determine project purpose and research needs

Responsible for the smooth execution of projects assigned, from the stage of
client briefing to the final stage of report writing and presentation of results
• Design and plan research projects following client briefing and needs
• Design questionnaires and methodologies of collecting information
• Manage the execution of projects, inform clients on progress and give
specific instructions to other departments
• Contribute towards coaching and training of trainee
• Work on the analysis and interpretation of results, provide feedback to
clients, write reports and recommendations, and present results of study

Genpact
Assistant Manager

July 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 4 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Team lead in Handling end to end project on Credit card fraud modeling
Handling team of 3 FTE.
Delivering critical reports to senior stakeholders
Tools - SAS, SQL

Tata Consultancy Services
Statistician

August 2007 - July 2010 (3 years)
Application of statistical model in Retail analytics
Developed proof of concepts (Building predictive models) for Banking, Airline
industry.
Awarded the best project for lean six sigma.
Tools - SPSS, SAS
Techniques - Logistic Regression , Dimension Reduction technqiues.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Statistician

October 2006 - August 2007 (11 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
- Worked as a strategy analyst for credit card collections team.
- Delivered Projects on Credit card delinquency and model monitoring.
Tools - SAS, SQL

Genpact
Business Analyst

February 2006 - October 2006 (9 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Handling the Global Energy database and the reporting.
Handling the hiring of statisticians
Tools - SAS, SQL

marketRX India Pvt Ltd.
Senior Research Analyst

December 2004 - February 2006 (1 year 3 months)
Researching data, products, processes, and/or services for the purpose of
improving said data, products, processes, and/or services

o Deliverables include valuable insights from specific research projects,
synthesis of consumer insights with internal sales data, syndicated studies,
and competitive intelligence
o Various qualitative and quantitative research processes, including: needs
assessments, concept testing, ad testing & tracking, customer profiling,
satisfaction and loyalty, brand tracking & competitive assessment, shopping,
retention and defection
o Customer Segmentation: identifies strengths, weaknesses and opportunities
in the current customer base, opportunities and challenges for growing the
customer base
• Reviewing and evaluating research results and making appropriate
recommendations to management
• Attending meetings with management and/or clients, when appropriate, to
determine project purpose and research needs

Education
The University of Georgia
Associate's degree, Marketing Research · (2013 - 2014)

International Conference on Statistics
· (2017 - 2017)

Udacity
Deep Learning Nano Degree, Deep Learning · (2017 - 2017)

Indian Statistical Institute
Certification - Advance Business Analytics, Analytics · (2014 - 2014)

Anna University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Finance, General · (2008 - 2010)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/srinivaspradeep-1469432 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Brand Awareness
Brand Development
Brand Equity

Languages
German (Limited Working)

Certifications
Deep learning Nano degree
Prinicple of Market Research
NLP Nanodegree
Advance Analytics Course
Deep Learning Specialization

Honors-Awards
Gold Medalist - Outstanding
Academic Performance
Six Sigma Project - Second Prize
Delivering the Promise


linkedin-20

Nienke Korsten (PhD)
Data Scientist
Almere

Summary
The essence of what motivates me is quality leading to predictive
value. With my analytical mind and science based approach I
see many opportunities to advise on concrete practical issues.
Quantifiable results are important to me and I need to feel that I can
make a difference in order to be content with where I am and what
I do. In my PhD, I much enjoyed worked on a modeling approach
to gain insight into the production of emotions in the human brain.
Now, I benefit from the experience I gained giving international
presentations, publishing papers and working with highly abstract
subject matter with a large diversity of data levels and types in the
context of a complex research process. I use these skills on a daily
basis in my work as a business intelligence consultant and data
scientist.
Semantics is a favorite subject of mine since this is where data
touches on information, which is in my eyes a major asset for
any organisation; data alone have no intrinsic value, it is the
ability to draw meaningful conclusions from the data that brings
progress, control, development, commercial finetuning, mobility, etc.
Supporting the organization and its management by translating data
into information in a proactive role is my passion. In doing so, I draw
equally on my analytical capacities and my social competences.
This is the focus of my personal professional development, in which
I find learning, learning and then learning some more is absolutely
essential. I want to expand my expertise and move towards bigger
and better challenges continuously.
Experienced in: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Predictive Analytics,
Clustering, AI, Neural Networks. Programming Languages: Java,
Python, C++, R, SAS, SPSS, PHP, SQL, Big Data: Hadoop, Pig,
Hive, MapReduce.

Experience

LeasePlan
Data Scientist

December 2018 - Present (2 years 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Rijkswaterstaat
Senior Data Scientist, predictive analytics

April 2016 - December 2018 (2 years 9 months)
Utrecht
- Predictive analytics projects
- - Providing prognostic HR management information through forecasting
analyses and dashboarding in SAS Visual Analytics
- - Predictive maintenance
- Restructuring of all HR related management information throughout RWS to
be SAS-based, from data gathering to dashboarding
- Advising the CDO regarding data management and modelling throughout the
organisation using e.g. object modeling
- Restructuring financial data to make it available in SAS
- Functioning as stakeholder of behalf of the SAS Advanced Analytics users for
the IT department

EOM Data Solutions BV
Data Scientist & SAS BI Consultant

July 2013 - March 2016 (2 years 9 months)
EOM is a Business Intelligence consultancy business where data
warehousing, business intelligence and SAS software are the main focal
points.

Nederlandse Voedsel en Warenautoriteit - NVWA
Text Mining
June 2015 - January 2016 (8 months)

Using SAS Text Miner to gather (predictive) information from the reporting
system through which the general public can report cases of e.g. maltreatment
of animals or suspected food poisoning from a particular food purchase.

NAM BV Assen
SAS Trainer, Consultant

April 2015 - June 2015 (3 months)
Sappemeer

At NAM, I give SAS training to show the already experienced 'Wikker' case
developers how to make even better use of SAS Enterprise Guide in their
projects. This project is focused mainly on controlling and optimising chemical
and mechanical processes across a range of locations. I also help to improve
on existing work,

Lacent BV
SAS Business Consultant

July 2013 - March 2015 (1 year 9 months)
Lacent is the organization that develops, maintains and administrates the
financial products for wehkamp.nl. One of my responsibilities was to produce
reports in support of management decision making. Another lied in gaining
insight in the quality of operational processes through development and
implementation of a control framework. To me, protecting data and process
quality is one side of the coin of which data analysis is the other; both are
equally essential in gaining a strategic advantage from data.

The Earth Collection Netherlands
Management support at The Earth Collection Netherlands
January 2010 - June 2013 (3 years 6 months)

In my advisory role with a small import business of ecological goods,
with short lines of communication, I had the opportunity to experience
entrepreneurship close at hand. Amongst my responsibilities was the
communication with purchasers and the process of international purchase of
goods and negotiation.

Education
Kings College London
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Computational Neuroscience · (2005 - 2010)

Universiteit Utrecht / University of Utrecht
Master of Science (MSc), Cognitive Neuroscience · (2002 - 2005)

University College Utrecht
Bachelor's Degree, Artificial Intelligence · (1999 - 2002)

De Meergronden
VWO · (1996 - 1999)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nienkekorsten-phd-669b9919 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Science
Data Analysis
Research

Languages
French (Limited Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)

Certifications
SAS Certified Advanced
Programmer for SAS 9
Reproducible Research
Enabling Technologies for Data
Science and Analytics: The Internet
of Things
Data Scientist with Python
DS102X: Machine Learning for Data
Science and Analytics

Publications
Connectionist Models of Emotion
Neural substructures for appraisal in
emotion: self-esteem and depression
Biological and Computational
Constraints to Psychological
Modelling of Emotion
Neural Architectures for an Appraisal
Basis of Emotion
e-CF in de Praktijk


linkedin-21

Gerard Meester

Data Scientist working in the data lab of the Inspectie SZW, and
music-lover
Maassluis

Summary
I work for the department Analysis and Research (A&O in Dutch) of
the Labour Inspection (Inspectie SZW).
Professional Experience:
- Data Science;
- Risk profiling;
- Enforcement policy in the field of Labour and Migration;
- Information driven fraud detection;
- Knowledge systems,
Data Science is my passion. I develop predictive models, mainly in
R.

I am the kind of person who wants to create something together with
other enthusiastic and driven people.
I get energy from taking part in innovative projects.
On the contrary am allergic to lengthy meetings and bureaucracy.
Instead: I like creative and out of the he box ways of working
together, and presenting solutions in a visual way. I prefer to work in
a small team.
In an easygoing atmosphere. Together with passionate people, who
have a good sense of humor.
In all this it is obviously important to listen carefully to the customer
or internal client who wants to get things done.
---- outside of work there is more in life ---I think education is a right for all people.
Because it gives them the opportunity to build a better future.
I am therefore in my free time commited to helping people who want
to learn new skills.

Think of learning the Dutch language or learning Computational
skills.
For this reason I am together with friends from the Netherlands
involved in the Yuvalok school in India.
Together with other professionals in Data Science, ICT and
Education I have started a LinkedIn Group DALI: Data Scientists who
Love India.
The idea is to team-up with local Indian schools in order to educate
children from underprivileged backgrounds in India in the age of 9-15
in computational skills needed to become a Data Scientist.
My ideas in this whole area are still evolving, so feel free to give me
ideas or practical help in this area. I would really appreciate it.
And I am very fond of singing, so if you like to sing duets, or play
guitar ....

Experience
Inspectie SZW
7 years

Data Scientist

June 2014 - Present (7 years)
Developing datadriven risk profiles. The goal of these risk profiles is targeting
the right addresses to inspect.
Recently I have a special interest in the subject of the explanation of predictive
models, and the way you can get feedback on the models from your uses, with
help of the right explanations.
And an interest in what Deep Learning models can bring the ISZW.

Senior Researcher

June 2014 - Present (7 years)
The Hague Area, Netherlands
Developing data-driven risk profiles in the domain of work and income, with
predictive modeling techniques.
Projectmanagement in the area of risk profiling.

Immigratie- en Naturalisatiedienst (IND)
Senior Adviser Information Driven Enforcement
2009 - May 2014 (5 years)

Run law enforcement projects in the field of immigration.
Developing risk profiles for immigration purposes.

Immigratie- en Naturalisatiedienst (IND)
Sr. ICT advisor / ICT projectmanager
2001 - 2006 (5 years)
The Hague Area, Netherlands

Run projects in the field of immigration.
Write definition studies on behalf of internal clients.

ING
Information Architect

October 1996 - April 2001 (4 years 7 months)
Worked on the enterprise architecture at the Postbank.

Raet
Information Analist / Designer

September 1984 - October 1996 (12 years 2 months)
Work for several government institutions and companies as developer and
information analist, like ABN-AMRO, GEP, Delta Lloyd.

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Jr. advisor at ICT department

September 1983 - September 1984 (1 year 1 month)
Process design

Education
University of Utrecht
Propedeuse, Cognitive Artificial Intelligence · (1991 - 1992)

Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam
Master Development Economics, Development Economics and International
Development · (1977 - 1983)

Christelijk Lyceum Apeldoorn
Atheneum B, atheneum · (1971 - 1977)
sondorpschool
Lager onderwijs · (1971 - 1976)

Nyenrode Business University
course enforcement data and innovation · (2016)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/gerardmeester-0715aa6 (LinkedIn)
www.inspectieszw.nl/ (Company)

Top Skills
Knowledge Representation
Data Mining
Enforcement

Languages
English (Professional Working)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
R (Professional Working)

Certifications
Deep Learning Specialization
Practical Predictive Analytics:
Models and Methods
Neural Networks and Deep Learning


linkedin-22

Jorrit Bootsma

Data scientist bij Capgemini Nederland
Amsterdam

Summary
Having completed a bachelor's in Physics & Astronomy, followed
by a master's in Astronomy & Astrophysics I am trained to ask the
right questions in order to better understand a certain problem, and
to determine what data is relevant to find a solution. Furthermore, I
have a lot of experience in translating the relevant data into useful
insights.
I have put this into practice in the dry eye project in which I was
organiser, data-analyst and spokesperson.
On personal level I have developed myself during the year I was
vice-chairman of my study association, during the dry eye project
and during my travels in South-America.
In the job of my dreams I encounter a variety of societal relevant
and/or strategic problems. The multidisciplinary team I am part of will
solve these problems using data driven insights.

Experience
Capgemini Nederland
1 years 11 months

Data scientist

November 2020 - Present (7 months)
I lead a team of three with whom I develop software that summarizes soccer
matches in an automated way. To determine the highlights of the game we
make use both the audio and video data.

Data scientist / Data Engineer @ ING Nederland
June 2020 - October 2020 (5 months)

In a difficult stakeholder landscape, we developed a knowledge graph
product to connect multiple data sources in the Wholesale Banking domain. I
created a synthetic data set that follows the same distributions as the actual
production data. This allowed us to develop a prototype without having access
to production data. Next to this, I was responsible for assessing data quality of
different sources. For this I used Python (PySpark, Pandas, etc.) and SQL. I
addressed the issues to the different data owners while maintaining their faith
in our product.
Finally, I assisted with the ontology development and the data pipeline
(mapping data from a relational database to RDF).

Data scientist / Software engineer @ Governmental institution
September 2019 - June 2020 (10 months)

With a team varying between 4 and 10 people we build a product that verifies
the authenticity of identity documents. We build this product from scratch, in
Python. The product consists of 12 microservices, each performing a step in
the pipeline. Examples of steps are: classification, image preprocessing, text
extraction using Tesseract (OCR), verification of textual data and verification
of graphical data. The microservices are exposed using Flask. The product
is build in an object-oriented way. I was responsible for the microservices
that performed face matching, (fuzzy) string matching and multiple graphical
verifications. Furthermore, he implemented error handling and he contributed
to the design of the software architecture and the database model.

Data Scientist

July 2019 - September 2019 (3 months)
Utrecht

Researcher / Entrepreneur

January 2017 - June 2019 (2 years 6 months)
Amsterdam
Investigate a new method of treating dry eye syndrome
to diagnose. Besides coding a data analysis script I have the
took responsibility for overseeing the project and the big one
lines. I am also a contact person for various external parties
parties and I lead the meetings that are held with them. At https: //
ibb.co/album/iDkOGF you will find a selection of photos showing the work of
illustrate our team.

ZZP
Tutor

august 2011 - june 2019 (7 years 11 months)
University of Amsterdam
Student-assistent

february 2014 - january 2018 (4 years)
Science Park, Amsterdam
Giving / assisting in Quantum Physics and Electricity courses
& Magnetism for high school teachers (https://youtu.be/
pHbejALvFwY);
Giving tutorials to first-year students.

Natuurwetenschappelijke Studievereniging Amsterdam
Vice President
March 2015 - March 2016 1 years 1 months
Portfolio: Acquisition
Result compared to previous years: € 17,000 in sponsor income
for € 5,000- € 10,000 was regular: https://ibb.co/album/miDAwF.

Education
Universiteit van Amsterdam
Master of Science (MSc), Physics and Astronomy (Astronomy and
Astrophysics) · (2016 - 2018)

Universiteit van Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Natuur- en sterrenkunde · (2011 - 2016)

Stedelijk Gymnasium Haarlem
Natuur en Techniek · (2005 - 2011)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jbootsma
(LinkedIn)

Top skills
Python
LaTeX
Lesgeven

Languages
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
English (Professional Working)

Certifications
Improving Deep Neural Networks:
Hyperparameter tuning,
Regularization and Optimization
Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Structuring Machine Learning
Projects


linkedin-23

Mike O'Connor
Sr. Data Scientist at Spotify
Amsterdam

Summary
Hi, I'm Mike! I do science to data, and occasionally I take
photographs.

Experience
Spotify
Sr. Data Scientist

March 2021 - Present (3 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands

Booking.com
4 years 3 months

Sr. Data Scientist - Segments Decision Intelligence
February 2020 - March 2021 (1 year 2 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands

Data Scientist - Booking Home OverArching

January 2019 - February 2020 (1 year 2 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Data Scientist - Booking Home Trust Products
October 2017 - January 2019 (1 year 4 months)
Amsterdam, Netherlands

Data Scientist - Business Bookers

January 2017 - October 2017 (10 months)
Amsterdam, Netherlands

The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C.
Manager - Digital Analytics

June 2015 - December 2016 (1 year 7 months)
Website Optimization Tools and Methods
Digital and Ecommerce Marketing Analytics
Adobe Marketing Cloud (Reports & Analytics)
Tableau

R & RStudio
SAS
Python
SQL

Visit Baltimore
Manager - Research and Data Analysis
March 2011 - February 2015 (4 years)
Baltimore, Maryland
CRM
Data Analytics
SQL
Project Management
Hospitality Research
Survey Writing
Economic Impact Assessment

Sage Policy Group, Inc.
Research Intern

October 2010 - March 2011 (6 months)
Baltimore, Maryland
Economic Research
Market Forecasting
Financial Analysis
Policy Briefs

Education
University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business
Master of Science (MS), Marketing Analytics · (2014 - 2015)

St. Mary's College of Maryland
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Economics · (2005 - 2009)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mtoconnor3
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
R
Data Analysis
Statistical Programming

Languages
French

Honors-Awards
Phi Kappa Phi National Honor
Society


linkedin-24

Patrick de Oude

Senior Data Scientist & Lead Data Science at Ahold/Delhaize
Amsterdam

Summary
Specialties:
Machine learning,
Data mining,
Pattern recognition,
Probabilistic modeling, learning and reasoning,
Multi-agent systems,
Causality.

Experience
Ahold
Senior Data Scientist & Lead Data Science
August 2018 - Present (2 years 10 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Thales R&T NL/ D-CIS Lab
8 years 3 months

Senior Researcher

January 2011 - August 2018 (7 years 8 months)
Delft Area, Netherlands
Artificial Intelligence researcher with a specialty in machine learning/data
mining working on data analysis and implementation of machine learning and
data mining algorithms for complex real world problems
Information fusion expert focusing on application of (distributed) probabilistic
models to interpret data for situation awareness and decision making
Developer of an interoperability and information management middle-ware
platform for (ad-hoc) sharing of data/information between humans, devices,
data stores, analysis processes for complex situation awareness and decision
making tasks in various problem domains.

Freelance Researcher

June 2010 - January 2011 (8 months)
Universiteit van Amsterdam
6 years

PhD Student

April 2006 - May 2010 (4 years 2 months)

Java Software Developer
2004 - 2010 (6 years)

During my master and PhD studies I work as a parttime software developer
at the University of Amsterdam. My job responsibilities are implementation,
testing/debugging and maintaining a multi-agent system, based on the
Cougaar framework, for distributed information fusion. Currently, I'm involved
building a prototype of this system for the DCMR Milieudienst Rijnmond for
detection and leak localization of (toxic) gases using sensors and humans
as information sources. Such systems are crucial in the crisis management
domain where reliable and quick state estimation is mission critical.

StreamMedia
PHP/SQL/Flash developer
2003 - 2004 (1 year)

Development of an online job offering website using dynamic web pages and
database interaction.

Education
University of Amsterdam
MSc, Artificial Intelligence - Intelligent Systems · (2004 - 2006)

University of Amsterdam
BSc, Artificial Intelligence · (2000 - 2004)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pdeoude
(LinkedIn)
staff.science.uva.nl/~poude (Other)

Top Skills
Pattern Recognition
Machine Learning
Multi-agent Systems


linkedin-25

Michael Snow

Technical Manager, and Data Science Lead for IKEA's A.I.
Operations Group
Amsterdam Area

Summary
Data scientist with over 7 years of experience. Currently the
data science lead for IKEA's A.I. Operations group, using NLP,
forecasting, and machine- and deep-learning to automate business
processes.
My achievements include graduating top of my university, winning
an award for outstanding achievement in mathematics and statistics;
winning a postgraduate research scholarship; building an end-to-end
predictive maintenance model to predict asset health for the Dutch
railway system; and developing and productionising 12 models for
the IKEA group, generating predicted savings of over €4million per
annum.
My key skills include:
● Mathematical and statistical modelling for predictive maintenance
& classification problems
● Programming in Python, Matlab, SQL, with extensive experience
using libraries such as SciPy, NumPy,
Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Keras and more
● Supervised and Unsupervised Machine & Deep Learning
● Deep learning including CNNs, Autoencoders, LSTMs
● Dimensionality reduction: PCA/SVD, multidimensional scaling, tSNE, Autoencoders
● Natural language processing, including nltk, word2vec, regex
● SQL databases including PostgreSQL & Oracle
● Extensive problem solving

Experience
IKEA Group
Data Science Lead

March 2019 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Helsingborg, Sweden
●

Data science lead for IKEA's A.I. operations group. We use NLP,

forecasting and Machine and Deep Learning to automate business processes.
●

Implemented 11 different Machine and Deep Learning solutions into

production with estimated annual savings of over 4 million.
●

Solutions developed and deployed using Cloud Technologies

●

Solutions include:

●

Automating the routing of service desk requests using NLP and deep

learning
●

Forecasting demand using time series modelling

●

Sentiment analysis and classification of app reviews

●

Database outage prediction using Autoencoders

HCL Technologies
Technical Manager and Data Science Lead
March 2019 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Bristol Robotics Lab
Ph.D. researcher in Machine Learning and Applied Mathematics
(writing up stage)
October 2014 - Present (6 years 8 months)
Bristol, United Kingdom
●

Ph.D. Focus: Pattern recognition in machine vision.

●

Collaboration with an industrial partner detecting complex anomalies in

image data.
●

Specialising in optimal transportation methods for machine learning and

data visualisation.

Dutch Analytics
Data Scientist

March 2018 - March 2019 (1 year 1 month)
Delft Area, Netherlands
●

Working on predictive maintenance problems in collaboration with Royal

BAM group predicting track maintenance routines.
●

Working with Friesland Campina developing anomaly detection models to

help maintain their assets.
●

Using machine and deep learning techniques to develop predictive models

and online anomaly detection models.
●

Developing end-to-end production ready software for a commercial

environment.

Snow Predictive Analytics Ltd.
Data Science Consultant

August 2017 - March 2018 (8 months)
Contracted as a Data Scientist for the Office of National Statistics, based in
their Big Data and Research team. (Sep 2017 - Mar 2018)
●

Extracting data from web sources.

●

Performing image processing and optical character recognition (OCR) to

extract data.
●

Constructing predictive classification models using natural language

processing (NLP),
dimensionality reduction and clustering. Tools included word2vec, SVD and tSNE.
●

Converting Python code to PySpark

University of the West of England
Associate Lecturer in Mathematics

September 2015 - August 2017 (2 years)
Bristol, United Kingdom
● Taught tutorial groups in mathematics and MATLAB programming.
● Responsibilities include marking exams, class preparation and
administration.

Education
University of the West of England
BSc (Hons), Mathematics, Mathematics · (2011 - 2014)

University of the West of England
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Computational and Applied
Mathematics · (2014 - 2018)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/michael1snow
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Research
Matlab
Statistics

Certifications
Structuring Machine Learning
Projects
Convolutional Neural Networks
Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Improving Deep Neural Networks:
Hyperparameter tuning,
Regularization and Optimization
Sequence Models

Honors-Awards
Mathematics Degree with First Class
Honours (90%)
Access to Higher Education Diploma
Institute of Mathematics and its
Applications prize for outstanding
performance

Publications
The Monge-Kantorovich Optimal
Transport Distance for Image
Comparison
Unsupervised Document Clustering
with Cluster Topic Identification
Monge's Optimal Transport Distance
for Image Classification


linkedin-26

Simone Ladisa

Data Scientist Consultant at MarketRedesign
Utrecht

Summary
Curious, ambitious and passionate are three key ingredients to
describe myself.
I have successfully completed my two years Master in Data Science
and Entrepreneurship at Jheronimus Academy of Data Science
(JADS) in Den Bosch (the Netherlands).
Along with the full time master of science, the last two years have
been enriched by experiences in company such as TomTom as
intern for over one year, and at Tilburg university as Data Scientist
student assistant last six months.

Experience
MarketRedesign
Data Scientist Consultant

March 2020 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Netherlands

Tilburg University
Student Assistant

June 2019 - December 2019 (7 months)
Tilburg Area, Netherlands
The goal of the project was to create a generalized framework to video track
people in a crowd scene, and eventually recognize anomalous trajectory. This
work is a step toward deploying sophisticated data science approaches for
video surveillance. The project:
Extract people movement from camera videos, for this task object recognition
pre trained model was used.
Multiple camera sources data fusion deploying Unscented Kalman Filters.
Exploit dimensionality reduction algorithm and clustering technique for
anomalies trajectories detections.

TomTom
Data Scientist Intern

February 2018 - April 2019 (1 year 3 months)
Amsterdam
I conducted a study on user behaviour, applying unsupervised learning on big
datasets. The outcome of my study was deployed by marketing department to
adjust products pricing based on users' usage. I have experienced unlabelled
datasets, clustering algorithms and multidimensional data.
Improved precision of over 50% of the navigation department (NAV) software
development tracking tool, which is adopted for team performance and predict
team velocity. In this regard I applied regressions algorithms and improved my
data visualization skills.

Cambridge Humanae
Data Scientist Intern

December 2017 - February 2018 (3 months)
s'hertogenbosch
I created a platform deployed to collect and analyse data from users.
I helped the startup with data visualization and analysis of users behaviour.

Costa Coffee
Assistant Manager

February 2016 - August 2017 (1 year 7 months)
London, United Kingdom
Awarded as best Costa Coffee shop for two months among the over three
thousand shops in the whole UK, KPI performance such as customer reviews,
profits etc.
My daily tasks involved running and supporting the store efficiency. People
management, coaching, mentoring and developing team members skills to
exceed potential. I am well-organized, good at prioritizing and managing time.

Education
Jheronimus Academy of Data Science
Master of Science - MS, Data Science and Entrepreneurship · (2018 - 2020)

Eindhoven University of Technology
Pre-master Program, Data Science & Entrepreneurship, Data
Science · (2017 - 2018)

Politecnico di Bari
Bachelor of Science degree, Computer System Engineer · (2007 - 2014)

ITIS Guglielmo Marconi - Bari
Senior High School Degree, Information Technology · (2002 - 2007)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ladisasimone
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Python
Machine Learning
Programming

Languages
Inglese (Professional Working)
Spanish (Professional Working)
Italiano (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications
Pivot Tables - From Novice to Ninja
European Computer Driving Licence
Microsoft Excel - Basic
Microsoft Excel - Advanced

Honors-Awards
Mobile Development Award 2013


linkedin-27

Bob Grijpstra

Data Scientist and Data Engineer
Tilburg

Experience
Building Blocks
Data Scientist and Data Engineer
May 2013 - Present (8 years 1 month)

Languages
English (Full Professional)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)

Education
Tilburg University
Econometrics and Operations Research · (2009 - 2013)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/bobgrijpstra
(LinkedIn)

Top skills
Data Science
Data Engineering
Predictive Analytics


linkedin-28

Olivier Brouwer
Data Scientist at Vattenfall
Amsterdam

Summary
Great amounts of data are generated every second from all different
sources like customer interactions, the web and applications. My
passion lies in combining all this information to guide strategic
decision making and to create valuable, actionable data products.
Skills: Databricks, Hadoop, PySpark, MLlib (Machine learning with
Spark), Airflow, Python (including Numpy, Pandas, scikit-learn),
Dash (build interactive analytic apps with python as backend ),
Azure functions, Azure Webapps, AzureML, AzureDevOps, MLOps,
Docker, R, Webscraping, SSAS, SSIS, Knime, SQL server, Toad for
Oracle, SPSS, TIBCO Spotfire, Microsoft Office, Thinkcell, Piramid
principle (story telling).
Specialties: Transforming big data into valuable, actionable data
products and insights.

Experience
Vattenfall
Data Scientist

July 2015 - Present (5 years 11 months)

ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Senior Customer Intelligence Analist

September 2014 - June 2015 (10 months)

KPN
Senior Customer Intelligence Analyst

December 2013 - August 2014 (9 months)

KPN
Customer Intelligence Analist

September 2008 - August 2013 (5 years)
- Advising commercial departments and management on new proposition
development, growth and retention strategies based on customer analytics.
- Creating and maintaining prediction models for optimization of below-the-line
marketing campaigns.
- Developing detailed reports for marketing, distribution, commercial planning
and the sales
organization to assist in strategic decision making processes.
- Evaluate the effectiveness of marketing campaigns in terms of acquisition,
growth, value and retention objectives.

Nederlandse Spoorwegen
Trainee MIacademy programma

November 2011 - February 2012 (4 months)
Utrecht
Purpose of this internship (part of the Miacademy program) was to investigate
how the online marketing (measurement) process can be optimized and
what the potential is in terms of extra sales and cost savings. The process is
mapped, optimized and coordinated with all stakeholders.

Nuon
Trainee MIacademy programma

February 2010 - April 2010 (3 months)
Amsterdam
Purpose of this internship (part of the Miacademy program) was to predict the
expected customer
value of non-customers in order to approach the most value prospects. The
prediction model has
proved to be successful in terms of customer value and is implemented in the
organization.

De Raad Vastgoed
Marktonderzoeker (afstudeerder)

February 2005 - June 2006 (1 year 5 months)
Katwijk
Verantwoordelijk voor de opstelling van een strategisch marketingplan met als
doel om de winstgevendheid van een kantorenpand te optimaliseren.

Palace Hotel
Marktonderzoeker (stage)

September 2003 - March 2004 (7 months)
Noordwijk
Verantwoordelijk voor de opstelling, uitvoering en verwerking van een
gastentevredenheid onderzoek met als doel advies te geven aan het
management wat betreft het algemene beleid van het hotel.

Education
GoDataDriven
Data Science Accelerator Program · (2017 - 2017)

MIcompany
Marketing Intelligence Academy · (2008 - 2011)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Master, Marketing · (2006 - 2008)

Hogeschool voor Economische Studies Amsterdam (HES)
Bachelor, Commerciele Economie · (2001 - 2005)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/olivierbrouwer-195b5a37 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Online Marketing
Data Analysis
SPSS


linkedin-29

Raynold Siem

Analytics business partner Online Store EU at Philips | Data Scientist
Randstad

Summary
Creating value out of Data

Experience
Philips
3 years 8 months

Analytics Business Partner Philips Online Store (Europe) & Data
Scientist
March 2021 - Present (3 months)
Amsterdam

Marketing Insights & Analytics Business Partner Consumer Store Europe
(D2C).

Lead Consultant & Data Scientist

January 2020 - March 2021 (1 year 3 months)
Lead Consultant & Data Scientist – Team: Enterprise Information Management
- Insights & Analytics.
Lead Consultant for the development team (7 members) of the Philips 'Faster,
Better, Smarter' Activation Track.
• Faster by Data Engineering (automating data collection, data cleaning and
data visualization).
• Better by Data Integration (combining data sources to better understand our
campaigns).
• Smarter by understanding the past and the future (by implementing
Dashboards and AI).
Data Scientist (key projects):
• Speech to Text (Transform huge amounts of audio files into text. Present the
-anonymized- actionable results in a Dashboard)
• Television (Dashboard that shows the impact of our TV advertisements on
online traffic).
• Integrated Uplift (Predict the number of ‘Add to Carts’ based on media spend
and provide the business actionable insights from the model).

Main Tools:
• Python, Spark (PySpark), Azure Databricks, SQL and Qlik.

Data Scientist

October 2017 - March 2021 (3 years 6 months)
Eindhoven Area
Data Scientist - Team: Enterprise Information Management - Insights &
Analytics.
Projects in different domains of Philips:
• Marketing & E-Commerce.
• Health Care & Innovation.
• Manufacturing.
• Research.
Data Science Experience:
• Dealing with a lot of data (e.g. Factory data & Philips website data).
• Predictive modelling (e.g. Machine failure, Search Rank, brand preferences).
• Text Mining & NLP (e.g. Patent Documents, customer deep dives).
• Web Scraping (e.g. collects data from different websites).
• Dashboards (e.g. visualized Data Science results -automated- in
dashboards).
• Data Engineering (e.g. Digital Factory data).

Verdonck, Klooster & Associates (VKA)
Consultant Data Science

August 2016 - October 2017 (1 year 3 months)
Zoetermeer
Consultant in the field of Data Science.
• Data-driven working.
• Data analysis | R(Studio).
• Data visualisations & Dashboards | Tableau.

TNO
Research Assistant

January 2015 - September 2016 (1 year 9 months)
Delft Area, the Netherlands
Several projects in the Strategy & Policy team.
‘Framework conditions for high-growth innovative enterprises’
• Visualise data.
• Analyse data.
‘Connecting Creative Technologists’
• Researcher.

Heijmans
Data Science Internship

December 2015 - August 2016 (9 months)
Rosmalen
Train machine learning models to predict households energy consumption.
• Data preprocessing.
• Data visualisation.
• Machine learning / Time Series Analysis.
• ARIMA and Gaussian Processes.
• Language: R(Studio).

Centrum voor Reuma en Revalidatie Rotterdam
Employee
June 2009 - June 2016 (7 years 1 months)
Rotterdam

VVD
Strategy Internship

February 2015 - July 2015 (6 months)
Den Haag Area, the Netherlands
Contributed to develop a new party structure, for the VVD
Focus on:
• Analyzing qualitative data.
• Visualizing qualitative data.

Stichting voetbalintermediair
Founder
2012 - 2014 (2 years)

Foundation with as goal to improve the sportsmanship between football
teams.

Our website made it possible to arrange friendly games, with the opportunity to
rate the other team on the basis of sportsmanship.

Schadefonds Geweldsmisdrijven
Research Internship

2013 - 2013 (less than a year)
Rijswijk, Provincie Zuid-Holland, the Netherlands
Research: Investigate reputation damages for paying compensations to the
victims of ‘Project X’ in Haren.

Education
Tilburg University
Master of Science (MSc), Master: Data Science · (2015 - 2016)

Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam
Master of Science (MSc), Master: Public Administration (Public
Management) · (2014 - 2016)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/raynoldsiem
(LinkedIn)

Top skills
Data Science
R
Python

Certifications
Black belt, 1st dan: Tang Soo Do
SP821-Az: ETL Part 2:
Transformations and Loads (Azure
Databricks)
SP850-Az: Structured Streaming
(Azure Databricks)
SP863-Az: MLflow: Managing the
Machine Learning Lifecycle (Azure
Databricks)
SP820-Az: ETL Part 1: Data
Extraction (Azure Databricks)



linkedin-30

Rick van Sintmaartensdijk
Data Scientist at Dept
Rotterdam

Summary
Consulting in and applying end-to-end Data Science and Machine
Learning in a digital marketing context.
Coming from a broad bachelor in Business Administration and a job
in cold-acquisition sales at Red Bull. I discovered my huge interest in
Big Data, AI and the way this will impact society and businesses.
I specialized during my Masters in Business Information
Management on a management theory level and got my hands dirty
during my thesis at VIVAT and in my job as a data scientist at Dept.

Ervaring
Dept Agency
3 years 2 months

Data Scientist

August 2018 - Present (2 years 10 months)
Rotterdam Area, the Netherlands

Trainee Data Consultant

April 2018 - August 2018 (5 months)
Rotterdam Area, the Netherlands
Traineeship at Dept Agency where I specialized in consulting in Data
Management (Web analytics - JavaScript, SQL) and Data Science (End-to-end
Machine Learning - Python and R).

Expand Online
Trainee Data Consultant

January 2018 - April 2018 (4 months)
Rotterdam
Traineeship at Expand Online where I specialized in Data Management (Web
analytics - JavaScript, SQL) and Data Science (End-to-end Machine Learning Python and R).

Red Bull
2 years 10 months

Team Captain Field Sales

March 2017 - January 2018 (11 months)
Zuid West the Netherlands
Leading the sales team of Student Market Strikers that is active in the QSR
market within the region South West (Rotterdam, The Hague, Leiden and
Breda). For Red Bull, Lipton Ice Tea and Pure Leaf.

Senior Student Market Striker

March 2016 - March 2017 (1 year 1 month)
Rotterdam Centrum
Sales representative for Red Bull, Lipton Ice Tea (Unilever) and Pure Leaf
(Unilever). Focussed on maintaining customer relationships, realizing new
points of sale and optimizing the visibility of products in the Quick Service
Restaurant (QSR) market.
Extended with extra responsibilities: Mainly coaching Student Market Strikers
getting started.

Student Market Striker

April 2015 - March 2016 (1 year)
Rotterdam Area, the Netherlands
Sales representative for Red Bull, Lipton Ice Tea (Unilever) and Pure Leaf
(Unilever). Focussed on maintaining customer relationships, realizing new
points of sale and optimizing the visibility of products in the Quick Service
Restaurant (QSR) market.

VIVAT
Graduate Intern

March 2017 - September 2017 (7 months)
Amstelveen
An internship coupled to my thesis for the MSc in Business Information
Management. The main goals of this thesis are to define churning behaviour
of customers, to identify the factors that influence churning behaviour and
their strength & direction. This will be done by the development of a predictive
model based on data mining technology.

DirckIII
Verkoopmedewerker

June 2012 - April 2015 (2 years 11 months)

Rotterdam
Shop assistant at liquor store DirckIII.
Responsible for processing sales transactions, in store product visibility,
receiving and storing stock, advising customers and administrative tasks.

Education
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University
Master, Business Information Management · (2016 - 2017)

RSM Erasmus Universiteit
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.), Business administration /
Bedrijfskunde / Business management / Bedrijfsmanagement · (2013 - 2016)

Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University
Minor, E-Marketing: Marketing Strategies for Future Success · (2015 - 2015)

Gemini College
Diploma VWO, Economie & Maatschappij · (2007 - 2013)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rick-vansintmaartensdijk-30259b80
(LinkedIn)

Top skills
Microsoft SQL-server
RStudio
JavaScript

Languages
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)
English
German

Certifications
Python Data Science Toolbox (Part
1) Course
Serverless Data Analysis with
Google BigQuery and Cloud
Dataflow
Manipulating DataFrames with
pandas Course
Google Cloud Platform Big Data and
Machine Learning Fundamentals
Intro to Python for Data Science
Course


linkedin-31

Daniel Linder

Head of Data Science at Adyen
Amsterdam

Summary
Check out my website to learn more about me: daniellinder.github.io


Experience
Adyen
5 years 1 month

Head of Data Science

September 2019 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

Data Scientist

May 2016 - September 2019 (3 years 5 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
• Building up the machine learning infrastructure for training, deploying and
monitoring machine learning models in production using MLFlow.
• Helping develop the ETL architecture
• Building RiskEngineOptimizer - a Logistic Regression model to auto-update
the coefficients of the fraud tool. Already in production with an improvement
rate of 100% on all of the risk profiles it was run for.
• Building optimization models to improve RevenueAccelerate - A product
aimed to improve authorization rates of payments across the platform.
Algorithms include: Deep Learning, Random Forest, Hierarchical Bayesian
Modeling. This algorithm resulted in ~1 million euro gain per day for companies
working with Adyen.
• Building high level abstraction on top of PySpark to improve work of Data
Scientists. Currently all analyses and ML models are using this abstraction.
• Developing the back-end of Looker, helping drive insights throughout Adyen
• Consulting large merchants (Uber, Google, Facebook, Netflix, Spotify, etc) in
solving data problems

FindHotel
Data Scientist

November 2014 - May 2016 (1 year 7 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands

• Developing scalable Python-based RandomForest pricing model for
predictive pricing of Ads
• Building and integrating Python-based alert system with AWS Redshift to
identify drastic performance changes automatically
• Mining and analyzing large e-commerce datasets with Python, R, SQL,
Qlikview

GreenOn
CEO

June 2014 - April 2015 (11 months)
Tel Aviv Area, Israel
• CEO of mobile application that automatically recognizes all modes of
transportation in real time and creates in depth data reports to analyze
transportation habits
• Helping develop algorithm for signal processing in Matlab
• Presenting to investors, start-up competitions and conferences
o Accepted into Eco-Motion accelerator and rewarded prize of 100,000 NIS
o Won first place for ANWB sustainability prize in New Venture startup
competition
o www.greenon.mobi

Microtech Medical Technologies
Bio-Medical Engineer

June 2012 - August 2014 (2 years 3 months)
Tel Aviv Area, Israel
• Designing and FEM modeling of piezoelement ultrasound transducer with
COMSOL multiphysics
• Testing and analyzing results in lab with Matlab
• 2 years of experience in Acoustic, Chemical and Mechanical labs

Heseg Innovators Program (HIP)
Entrepreneur

March 2013 - July 2014 (1 year 5 months)
Tel Aviv Area, Israel
Graduate of the Heseg Innovators Program

Israeli Defense Forces
Special Forces Infantry Unit

November 2006 - May 2009 (2 years 7 months)

Education
Tel Aviv University
Bio-Medical Engineering - Medical Image Processing
Specialization · (2010 - 2014)

Tel Aviv University
Biology · (2009 - 2010)

Coursera
Online Courses · (2013)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/daniellinder-52b86024 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Analysis
R
Big Data

Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Dutch (Limited Working)
Hebrew (Native or Bilingual)

Honors-Awards
Community Service Award
Heseg Scholarship


linkedin-32

Thomas Castelijns

Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer
Tilburg

Ervaring
Enexis Groep
3 years 5 months

Senior Data Scientist

October 2020 - Present (8 months)

Data Scientist | Strategic Consultant
January 2018 - October 2020 (2 years 10 months)
's-Hertogenbosch

Jheronimus Academy of Data Science
Professional Doctorate in Engineering (PDEng) trainee Data Science
January 2017 - January 2019 (2 years 1 month)
's-Hertogenbosch

Trainee in the Professional Doctorate in Engineering (PDEng) program of the

Jheronimus Academy of Data Science (JADS).

Enexis B.V.
3 years 1 month

Technical Specialist Smart Metering

September 2014 - December 2016 (2 years 4 months)
's-Hertogenbosch
Technical Specialist in a multi-disciplinary team of the Smart Metering
department of Enexis. The department is responsible for the large-scale roll
out of smart meters in 2.7 million households by 2020. My main responsibilities
were:
- Defining requirements smart meters
- Testing new smart meters and firmware versions according to the defined
requirements
- Analyzing performance of installed base smart meters
- Defining and implementing metrics to improve installed base smart meters
- Leading technical team of Netbeheer Nederland for common firmware
updates

Graduate Student - Asset Management

December 2013 - September 2014 (10 months)
's-Hertogenbosch
Development of a tool for optimal placement of automation in distribution
networks, taking into consideration reliability and grid losses. Furthermore a
cost/benefit analysis is part of the project work.
This project work was graded with an 8.5.

Eindhoven University of Technology
Research Internship

August 2013 - November 2013 (4 months)
Eindhoven
Development of a tool for optimal placement of automation in distribution
networks, taking into consideration reliability and grid losses. Furthermore a
cost/benefit analysis is part of the project work.

Education
Eindhoven University of Technology
Master of Science (MSc), Sustainable Energy Technology · (2012 - 2014)

Eindhoven University of Technology
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Innovation Sciences · (2009 - 2012)

Pius X College Bladel
VWO - Gymnasium, Natuur & Gezondheid · (2003 - 2009)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/thomascastelijns (LinkedIn)

Top skills
Python
Data Analysis
Machine Learning

Languages
English (Professional Working)
German (Elementary)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications
Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Improving Deep Neural Networks:
Hyperparameter tuning,
Regularization and Optimization
Sequence Models
Data Engineering Nanodegree
Bayesian Methods for Machine
Learning

Publications
Using particle swarm optimization
for placement of DA in distribution
networks


linkedin-33

Jan-Willem Blank
Sr. Data Scientist at Interpolis
The Randstad, Netherlands

Summary

As a data scientist I am responsible for strategic advise for business
decisions. These fact based recommendations are based on
all kinds of data-analyses, data-mining and machine learning
techniques.

My goal is to identify commercial opportunities and predict the future
with the huge amount of data we have and that grows exponentially.
My favorite tools / languages are:
-R
- Python
- SAS
- SPSS
- SQL

Experience
Interpolis
13 years 5 months

Sr. Data Scientist

June 2016 - Present (5 years)
Tilburg Area, Netherlands
As a sr. data scientist I am responsible for strategic advise for business
decisions. These fact based recommendations are based on all kinds of dataanalyses, data-mining and machine learning techniques.

Data Scientist

April 2010 - May 2016 (6 years 2 months)
Tilburg Area, Netherlands
As a data scientist I am responsible for strategic advise for business decisions.
These fact based recommendations are based on all kinds of data-analyses,
data-mining and machine learning techniques.

Database Marketeer

January 2008 - March 2010 (2 years 3 months)
Marketing analysis, predictive analytics (focus on acquisition, retention and
customer value).

T-Mobile Netherlands
Database Marketing Analyst

September 2004 - December 2007 (3 years 4 months)
Marketing analysis, campaign management and standard reporting.

Education
Utrecht University
Master's degree, Social Science · (2002 - 2004)

University of Groningen
Inspirerende Data Scientist · (2015 - 2016)

Hogeschool Inholland / Inholland University of Applied Sciences
Bachelor, Commerce & Economics · (1998 - 2002)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jwblank
(LinkedIn)
www.janwillemblank.com
(Personal)

Top Skills
Database Marketing
Data Mining
Customer Insight

Languages
Dutch
English

Certifications
Vervolg Analytische Mogelijkheden
IS Basis End User en Designer
Getting Started with Python
authorized by University of Michigan
Machine Learning authorized by
Stanford University
Chordiant Marketing Director

Publications
Zo kun je jouw inbraakrisico
voorspellen
Inbraakmonitor Interpolis voorspelt
dagelijks inbraakrisico per
postcodegebied
Big data voorspelt: in deze wijken is
de kans op inbraak het grootst


linkedin-34

Rahul Shetty
Lead Data Scientist at Leap
The Randstad, Netherlands

Summary
As a data scientist, I develop, build, and execute data science
solutions for optimizing processes across a range of domains,
including the Internet-of-Things, the electricity grid, financial
transactions, e-commerce, retail, as well as government and
social services. Prior to my current roles in industry, I was an
astrophysicist investigating the process of star formation in
the interstellar medium. As a postdoctoral researcher, I used
computational techniques to model the formation of stars.
Additionally, I utilized various statistical tools to compare the
modeling results with observational data. I have a keen interest in
understanding large datasets via the application of statistical and
machine learning methods, and in particular through hierarchical
Bayesian methods.

Experience
Leap
Lead Data Scientist

September 2019 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Utrecht Area, Netherlands

Qualogy
Senior Data Science Consultant

August 2018 - September 2019 (1 year 2 months)

Adyen
Data Scientist

2016 - July 2018 (2 years)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Statistical analysis of payment data. Coordinate with merchants and account
managers to understand transaction data in order to optimize payment
authorizations, including minimizing fraud.

Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics, Universität Heidelberg
Postdoctoral Researcher
2009 - 2016 (7 years)

data analysis and visualization
statistical modelling: linear & non-linear regression, Bayesian multi-level
parameter estimation
computational modelling: hydrodynamics, radiative transfer

Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
Postdoctoral Researcher

September 2007 - September 2009 (2 years 1 month)
Cambridge, MA, USA

Education
Cornell University
Master's degree, A&S - Statistical Science · (2014 - 2015)

University of Maryland
PhD, astronomy · (2001 - 2007)

University of Wisconsin-Madison
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Physics, Mathematics · (1997 - 2001)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shettyrah
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Analysis
Science
Machine Learning

Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)


linkedin-35

Léon Schipper
Data Scientist at PGGM
Baarn

Experience
PGGM
Data Scientist

October 2019 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Zeist

DAS
Data Scientist

April 2014 - September 2019 (5 years 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
As Data Scientist I am having a dual-role in two teams: Customer Intelligence
and the Data Science Team. Main responsibilities:
Customer Intelligence: Acquiring valuable business insights from data, and
(proactively) provide management-recommendations based on these insights.
Data Science Team: Research, development and implementation of Data
Science applications in an agile team. Involved in entire process from dataengineering to implementation.
Some of my main activities include:
● Managing/coaching junior data scientists and analysts
● Automate that what can be automated
● Data analysis (Excel, R Markdown)
● Developing and maintaining QlikView applications (both development and
design)
● Developing and implementing algorithms
● Managing data-quality and improving data-availability

Latenmonteren.nl
Owner and founder of Latenmonteren.nl

February 2011 - April 2014 (3 years 3 months)
Groningen Area, Netherlands
Latenmonteren.nl is a furniture assembly company and operates in the
Netherlands. With over 7 years of experience, we offer an affordable,
professional furniture assembly-service for both consumers and businesses.
Activities: All day to day operations including:
- Customer contact
- Assembly of furniture (execution of orders)
- Implementation of marketing strategy (e.g. SEO, SEA)
- Website design/maintenance

Kwantum
Salesman at Furniture and Floor Department
August 2005 - March 2014 (8 years 8 months)
Assen

Advising and supporting customers with any purchases/questions related to
furniture and flooring.
10-15 hours per week (from august 2013 - march 2014 +- 25 hours per week)

Albert Heijn
Merchandiser

January 2005 - December 2006 (2 years)
Assen
5-10 hours per week

Tuinland Assen
Salesman at Pond Department

April 2004 - December 2004 (9 months)
Assen
10-15 hours per week

Education
Rijksuniversiteit Groningen
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Marketing Intelligence · (2012 - 2013)

Rijksuniversiteit Groningen / University of Groningen
Bachelor's degree, Bedrijfseconomie (Business Economics) · (2007 - 2012)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/leonschipper-94398043 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Analysis
Machine Learning
QlikView

Languages
English (Full Professional)
German (Limited Working)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)

Honors-Awards
Nationale Marketing Award 2018


linkedin-36

Valentijn Lemkes
Data scientist at Alliander
Amsterdam

Summary
Current project:
Currently working for Edmij as a data-analyst. Using python
programming and analyses skills we predict the demand and supply
on the energy market.
Past experience:
Maintaining a sub-surface network is difficult and expensive. During
the internship at Evides, focused on predicting potential leaks on
the basis of radar data, using GIS and machine learning python
packages.
At Alliander I got the chance to directly apply knowledge from the
university in the field. With a diverse scrum team, the focus was on
atomising repetitive manual work. The result, a tool that was directly
implemented in the business which improved accuracy and improved
the working flow.

Experience
Alliander
Data scientist

april 2020 - Present (1 year 2 months)
the Netherlands

Edmij B.V.
Data-analyst

december 2018 - april 2020 (1 year 5 months)
Amstelveen

Evides Waterbedrijf
Intern GIS & Data Analysis

april 2018 - december 2018 (9 months)
Rotterdam Area, the Netherlands

Alliander
Data processing

october 2016 - february 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Worked in a scrum-team to automise manual GIS labour and refine the data.

De AfspraakFabriek
Salesman

january 2016 - june 2016 (6 months)

Geodan
Stagiair

october 2014 - january 2015 (4 months)
Researched the implementation of the large-scale Key Register
Topography of the Netherlands.

WE Fashion
Sales

august 2014 - october 2014 (3 months)
Salesman

Montes B.V.
Sales

january 2011 - december 2012 (2 years)
Salesman

Education
Technische Universiteit Delft & Universiteit Utrecht
Geographical Information Management and Application · (2016 - 2018)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Earth & Economics · (2012 - 2016)

Lorentz Casimir Lyceum
VWO · (2005 - 2012)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/valentijnlemkes (LinkedIn)

Top skills 
Python
SQL
GIS

Languages
English
German


linkedin-37

Ming Zhang

Data Scientist - Advanced Machine Learning and Deep Learning at
Philips
Eindhoven

Summary
I am a Data Scientist with 7+ years of research & project experience
in IBM Research, IBM CDL and Philips Research. My focus is
on customer modeling and automated precise marketing using
classical machine learning, deep learning and big data. I have
experience in analyzing free text, localization and machine log data
in healthcare field, product review text in consumer electronics field
and transaction, account, demographic, risk and unstructured data in
banking field. My most familiar languages are Python, R and Java.
Visit the link below to view Demos of my individual research works.

Experience
Philips
Data Scientist - Advanced Machine Learning & Deep Learning
September 2017 - Present (3 years 9 months)
Eindhoven Area, Netherlands

IBM China Development Lab (CDL)
4 years

Data Scientist

June 2013 - June 2015 (2 years 1 month)
Beijing City, China
Focused on model design and implementation of customer preference
modeling, personalized marketing, social media analysis and fraud detection in
banking and telco industries.

Big Data Intern Consultant

January 2012 - June 2013 (1 year 6 months)
Intern in Lab-Based Services in IBM China Development Lab as a Big Data
Consultant, focusing on applications of Customer Analysis using Data Mining
Models in Banking & Telco Area.

Data Mining Intern
July 2011 - January 2012 (7 months)
Intern in IBM China Research Lab, hands on research on data-mining for
recommendation(collaborative filtering) and parallel computing(hadoop).

Education
Eindhoven University of Technology
Master's degree, Business Information Systems · (2015 - 2017)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/breakinen
(LinkedIn)
mingzhang.nl/ (Personal)

Top Skills
Python
R
Java

Languages
Dutch (Limited Working)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)

Certifications
Certified SAFe® 5 Scrum Master
Big Data - Spark Fundamentals
IBM Certified SOA Associate [2008]

Honors-Awards
IBM Outstanding Technical
Achievement Award (OTAA)
IBM Analytics Services 2015-Q1 Be
Essential Hero award
IBM IM Services 2014-Q4 Be
Essential Hero award

Publications
A New Cluster Cloud Computing
Server Platform for General Web
Projects
A New Approach of Self-adaptive
Discretization to Enhance the Apriori
Quantitative Association Rule Mining


linkedin-38

Emre Eryigit

Senior Data Scientist at ASML
Eindhoven

Summary
Data Science: Python, R, MATLAB, Hadoop, Spark, PyTorch,
Tensorflow
Operations Research: CPLEX, GUROBI MIP, Stochastic &
Deterministic Programming

Experience
ASML
1 year 9 months

Senior Data Scientist

January 2021 - Present (5 months)
Veldhoven, North Brabant, Netherlands

Data Scientist

September 2019 - January 2021 (1 year 5 months)
Eindhoven Area, Netherlands

Isenberg School of Management, UMass Amherst
Research Assistant
September 2017 - September 2019 (2 years 1 month)
Springfield, Massachusetts Area

Endoks Energy
3 years 6 months

Lead Data Scientist

September 2017 - September 2019 (2 years 1 month)
Boston,US
Working on Non-Intrusive Energy Disaggregation Problem
Deep Learning, Hidden Markov Model

Sr. Data Scientist

April 2017 - September 2017 (6 months)
Ankara, Turkey
Electricity Fraud Detection for Electricity Distribution Companies

Adapted Fuzzy C-means along with a Neural Network to learn the weights for
Clustering.
Scheduling a Manual Meter Reading for Electricity Distribution Companies
Statistical Programming, Clustering, 0-1 Programming

Data Scientist

April 2016 - April 2017 (1 year 1 month)
Ankara, Turkey
Developed a Decision Support System for Short-term and Long-term Electricity
Load Forecasting
Deep Learning, Regression Tree, Signal Processing, Gradient Boosting
Performance: 1-2 Mean Absolute Percentage Error

Roketsan Missiles Inc.
Business Intelligence Developer

February 2014 - April 2016 (2 years 3 months)
Ankara, Turkey

EPRA Engineering Procurement Research Analyse
Forecast Analyst
August 2013 - February 2014 (7 months)

Short-term, Mid-term and Long- term electricity load forecasting.

Deloitte Turkey
Intern

March 2013 - June 2013 (4 months)
Deloitte Ankara
I planned thermal plants' 10 year production plan based on electricity price
forecasting.

TÜBİTAK Marmara Technopark
Study on Renewable Energy (Wind)

September 2012 - June 2013 (10 months)
METU

Petrol Ofisi
Intern at Supply Chain Management Department
August 2012 - September 2012 (2 months)
Maslak, Turkey

I worked on a facility location problem with routing.

Akbank
Transaction Banking Intern

July 2012 - August 2012 (2 months)
Sabancı Center, Levent, Istanbul

Erdemir
2 months

Production Planning And Supply Chain Intern
August 2011 - August 2011 (1 month)

Production System and Development Intern
July 2011 - July 2011 (1 month)

Education
University of Massachusetts Amherst
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2017 - 2019)

Orta Doğu Teknik Üniversitesi / Middle East Technical University
Master's degree, Operations Research · (2015 - 2017)

Orta Doğu Teknik Üniversitesi / Middle East Technical University
Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.), Industrial Engineering · (2008 - 2013)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/emreryigit
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Machine Learning
Deep Learning
Python (Programming Language)

Languages
English (Full Professional)
Turkish (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)

Certifications
Neural Networks and Convolutional
Neural Networks Essential Training
Statistical and Computational Data
Science

Honors-Awards
Top ranking at YAEM competition


linkedin-39

Kia Eisinga

Sr Data Scientist at TomTom
Amsterdam

Experience

TomTom
Senior Data Scientist
2 years 7 months
October 2020 - Present (8 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
Senior Data Scientist at the Data Unit

Senior Data Scientist

November 2018 - October 2020 (2 years)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Senior Data Scientist in the PU Navigation Datalab

ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
2 years 1 month

Data Scientist

October 2016 - October 2018 (2 years 1 month)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Data Scientist at the Data Innovation & Analytics (DIA) department

Young IT Programme

November 2016 - April 2018 (1 year 6 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Participant of the Young IT programme and chair of the Young IT board

Heijmans
Data Science Intern

December 2015 - July 2016 (8 months)
Rosmalen, Netherlands
Internship to write my master thesis. Data science project at Heijmans and
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Build a model to predict runway allocation for
flights to aid air traffic control. Mark thesis: 8 / 10.
Thesis: http://arno.uvt.nl/show.cgi?fid=141291

MAK Mentorship System
Active committee member

September 2012 - March 2015 (2 years 7 months)
Tilburg Area, Netherlands
The goal of MAK Mentorship System is to support prospective and current
students of the Tilburg School of Economics and Management in their
personal and academic development. Examples of activities are organising
orientation days, introduction days and tutorships.
I was part of several committees and mentored a group of 5 first-year Business
Economics students who wanted to organise formal and informal activities for
their peers.
http://www.maktilburg.nl

Education
Tilburg University
Master of Science (MSc), Data Science: Business and
Governance · (2015 - 2016)

Peking University
Summer School, Big Data: Data Analytics for Business and
Beyond · (2016 - 2016)

Özyeğin Üniversitesi
Erasmus exchange · (2014 - 2015)

Tilburg University
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Business Economics · (2011 - 2015)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kiaeisinga
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Data Science
Python (Programming Language)

Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Dutch (Native or Bilingual)

Certifications
Microsoft Certified: Azure Data
Scientist Associate
English A2 Higher Level (near-native
speaker)
Microsoft Certified: Azure
Fundamentals


linkedin-40

Shalaleh Hillebrand
Data Scientist at a.s.r. real estate
The Randstad, Netherlands

Experience
a.s.r. real estate
Data Scientist

May 2021 - Present (1 month)
Utrecht, Netherlands

Ordina
Data Scientist

October 2019 - April 2021 (1 year 7 months)

NWWI via Ordina
Data Scientist

November 2019 - August 2020 (10 months)
Movares
Adviseur Dynamica

January 2017 - September 2019 (2 years 9 months)
Utrecht Area, Netherlands
Adviseur Dynamica

Arup Nederland
Analyst & Structural Engineer

October 2013 - December 2016 (3 years 3 months)
Amsterdam Area, Netherlands
Groningen Earthquake Structural Upgrading

Universiteit Utrecht
Research assistant in Geodynamics
2009 - 2013 (4 years)

This research is part of the EUROCORES TOPOEUROPE.
The aim of the project is to model the crust and the mantle of the Earth
at Western Mediterranean region and to perform a fluid dynamic study to
investigate the stress distribution on the surface and plate motion in the region.
3D Numerical modelling and developing finite element code Sepran are the
key element of this project.

Mapna Boiler
Steel Structure Designer

June 2008 - June 2009 (1 year 1 month)
Iran / Tehran
– Designing the structures of HRSG boilers, Auxiliary boilers and stack for
Combined Cycle Power Plants
– Designing the foundation for different structures on the power plant sites
– Preparing executive drawings and technical specifications of designed
structures
– Onsite supervision of construction progress
– Preparing documents such as project description, cost lists and time
schedule for the . project progress
– Evaluating the sub-companies and the contract conditions

Education
University of Tehran
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Earthquake Engineering · (2006 - 2009)

University of Tehran
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Civil Engineering · (2002 - 2006)

National Organization for Development of Exceptional Talents
(Sampad)
High School Diploma · (1999 - 2002)

Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shalalehhillebrand-085ab819 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Earthquake Engineering
Steel/Concrete structure design
Numerical Modelling and Analysis

Languages
Persian (Native or Bilingual)
Azerbaijani (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)

Certifications
Time Series Analysis in Python
Manipulating Time Series Data in
Python

PH125.6x: Data Science: Wrangling
Regular Expression in Python
Introduction to Natural Language
Processing in Python
